PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move pru
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move hol
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar hold
mos move ukr
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move apu
sev move rum
smy hold
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move tyr
vie move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb support apu move gre
apu move gre via convoy
bot move swe
bud move vie
bul move ser
con move aeg
eng move lon
gal move vie
mid move por
mar move spa
nth convoy yor move den
pic move bre
rum hold
ser move bud
smy move con
tyr move vie
ukr move war
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet kie
build Fleet mar
build Army par
build Army sev
build Fleet smy
build Army stp
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg convoy con move gre
alb move gre
apu move ven
ber move sil
bre move pic
bud move rum
bul support con move gre
con move gre via convoy
gal hold
hol move bel
ion support alb move gre
lon move nth
mar move gol
nth move den
par move bur
por move spa/sc
pru move war
rum move bla
sev move rum
smy move eas
spa move mar
stp support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tyr move vie
war hold
yor move lon
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul move gre
bla move sev
bud move gal
bul move gre
bur support pic move bel
con move ank
den move kie
eas move ion
gal support war
ion move tun
lon move hol
gol move wes
mar move gas
nth convoy lon move hol
nwy hold
pic move bel
sev move rum
spa/sc move mid
stp move lvn
ven move tri
vie support ven move tri
war hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
Germany: fleet/dislodged bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
build Fleet rom
build Fleet smy
build Army ven
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support ion
ank move con
bel move ruh
bud move gal
bur support bel move ruh
edi move nrg
gal move boh
gas move mar
gre move tun via convoy
hol move kie
ion convoy gre move tun
kie move ber
lon move nth
lvn move pru
mid move naf
mar move gol
mos move war
nap move ion
nth move den
nwy move ska
rom move tys
rum support bud
sev hold
sil move ber
smy move eas
tri support vie
tun support nap move ion
ven move pie
vie support tri
war move gal
wes support gre move tun
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
boh move vie
bud move tri
bur support ruh move mun
con move bul
den support nth move ska
eas support ion
ion support wes move tys
kie support sil move ber
gol support wes move tys
mar hold
mos move war
naf move wes
nap move ion
nth move ska
nrg move nwy
pie move tus
pru move ber
ruh move mun
rum support war move gal
ser support bud move tri
sev hold
sil move ber
ska move nwy
tri support vie move bud
tun hold
tys support nap move ion
vie move bud
war move gal
wes move tys
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: fleet/dislodged ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: fleet tys
Italy: fleet/dislodged tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun disband
ska move swe
tri move ven
tys move rom
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bud
build Army con
build Fleet edi
build Army par
build Fleet stp/nc
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bul move ser
bur move mun
con move bul
den move swe
eas move ion
edi move nth
gal move bud
gre support eas move ion
hol move kie
ion move apu
kie move bal
gol support mar move pie
mar move pie
mun move tyr
nap support rom
nrg move nwy
par move bur
pru support war move sil
rom support nap
rum support bul move ser
sev hold
ska support nrg move nwy
stp/nc move bar
swe move bal
tri support ser move bud
tun hold
tus move pie
ven move tyr
vie support gal move bud
war move sil
wes support tys
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu support tys move nap
bar move nrg
bud move tri
bul support ser
bur move mun
den move swe
gre move alb
hol move kie
ion support tys move nap
kie move bal
gol support pie
mun move tyr
nap move tys
nth support nwy
nwy hold
par move bur
pie support mun move tyr
pru move ber
rom support nap move tys
rum move bud
ser support bud move tri
sev hold
sil support pru move ber
ska support den move swe
swe move ska
tri move ven
tun hold
tus move pie
tys move nap
ven support tus move pie
vie support bud move tri
wes move tys
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
swe move fin
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet con
build Army edi
build Fleet lon
build Army mar
build Fleet stp/sc
remove tus
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move adr
apu move nap
bal move ber
ber support sil move mun
bud move vie
bul move rum
bur support mun
con move bla
fin move bot
ion convoy tun move apu
kie support bal move ber
lon move nth
gol move tys
mar support pie
mun hold
nap move rom
nth move nrg
nrg move cly
nwy support nth move nrg
pie support tyr move ven
rom support apu move nap
ser support bul move rum
sev move bla
sil move mun
ska support nwy
stp/sc support fin move bot
swe support nwy
tri support ven
tun move apu via convoy
tyr move ven
tys support nap move rom
ven support rom
vie move boh
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
France: supply bel
Russia: army/dislodged ber
England: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
Italy: fleet/dislodged rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move pru
rom disband
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
apu move rom
ber hold
boh move mun
bot move swe
bur support mun
cly move lvp
con move aeg
edi move lvp
ion move tys
kie support ber
gol convoy mar move tus
mar move tus via convoy
mun support tyr
nap support apu move rom
nth move edi
nrg move nat
nwy support ska move swe
pie move ven
pru move ber
rom support tys
rum move gal
ser hold
sev move bla
sil support boh move mun
ska move swe
stp/sc hold
swe move fin
tri support vie move tyr
tyr support apu move tri
tys support rom
ven support apu move rom
vie move tyr
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tus
Russia: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bla
build Army con
build Army lvp
build Fleet mar
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tus
Russia: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
aeg move ion
ber hold
boh support sil move mun
bot support stp/sc
bur support mun
cly move nat
con move bul
edi support lvp move cly
fin support nwy move stp
gal move sil
ion move tys
kie support ber
lvp move cly
gol move wes
mar move gol
mun hold
nat support nth move nrg
nap support ion move tys
nth move nrg
nwy move stp/nc
pie support tus
pru move lvn
rom move tus
ser move bud
sil move mun
smy move eas
stp/sc hold
swe support fin
tri move ven
tus support pie
tyr support sil move mun
tys move tun
ven hold
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: army cly
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun move ruh
ven disband
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: army cly
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ven
boh support mun
bot move fin
bud move tri
bul move gre
bur move mun
eas move aeg
fin support swe move bot
ion move tun
lvn support stp/sc
gol move tys
mun hold
nat move nrg
nap support tys
nrg move bar
nwy move nth
pie move tyr
rom move tus
ruh support bur move mun
sil support mun
stp/sc hold
swe move bot
tun support gol move tys
tus move ven
tyr move pie
tys support ion move tun
ven support rom move tus
wes support tun
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
Russia: fleet/dislodged bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: army cly
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bot move bal
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: army cly
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
build Army war
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: army cly
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move apu
aeg move ion
bal move kie
bar support fin move stp
ber support bot move bal
boh support tyr move mun
bot move bal
bur move mun
cly move nwy
edi move den
fin move stp/sc
gre move ser
ion move tun
kie support ber
lvn support stp/sc
gol move tys
mar move spa/sc
mos support stp/sc
mun move ber
nap support tys
nth convoy edi move den
nrg convoy cly move nwy
pie move mar
ruh support bur move mun
sil support mun move ber
stp/sc hold
tri move tyr
tun support gol move tys
tus move pie
tyr move mun
tys support ion move tun
ven support tus move pie
war move pru
wes support tun
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
apu move nap
bal move bot
bar move nrg
ber move kie
boh support tyr move mun
bot move bal
bur move mun
den support kie
fin move swe
ion move tys
lvn support stp/sc
gol move tys
mar move pie
mos support stp/sc
nap move rom
nth move hol
nrg move nth
nwy support fin move swe
pie support tys move tus
pru move swe
ruh support bur move mun
ser hold
sil support tyr move mun
spa/sc move mid
stp/sc hold
tri move tyr
tun support gol move tys
tyr move mun
tys move tus
ven support pie
wes support tun
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army war
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal support mun move kie
ber support mun move kie
boh move mun
bot move bal
bur support mar
den support kie
hol support kie
ion move tys
lvn support mos move stp
mid move naf
mar support bur
mos move stp
mun move kie
nap support ion move tys
nth support nrg
nrg support nwy
nwy support swe
pie move tus
pru support ber
rom support nap move tys
ruh support kie
ser hold
sil support boh move mun
stp/sc move fin
swe support bot move bal
tun hold
tus move gol
tyr support boh move mun
tys move gol
ven support pie move tus
war move mos
wes support tys move gol
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support kie
ber hold
boh support mun
bur support ruh
den support kie
fin move bot
hol support kie
ion support tys
kie support ruh
lvn hold
gol support mar
mar support bur
mos hold
mun hold
naf support tun
nap support tys
nth support nrg
nrg support nwy
nwy support swe
pie move tyr
pru support ber
rom move tus
ruh support kie
ser hold
sil support mun
stp move fin
swe support nwy
tun support wes
tus move pie
tyr move tri
tys support rom move tus
ven support tus move pie
wes support gol
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: fleet pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet stp/nc
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: fleet pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support swe
ber hold
boh support mun
bot support fin move swe
bur support ruh
den support swe
fin move swe
hol support kie
ion support nap move tys
kie support ruh
lvn support mos move stp
gol move spa/sc
mar support bur
mos move stp
mun hold
naf support tun
nap move tys
nth support nwy
nrg support nwy
nwy support swe
pie move gol
pru support ber
ruh support kie
ser move alb
sil support mun
stp/nc move bar
swe support bal
tri move tyr
tun support wes
tus support pie move gol
tyr move pie
tys move wes
ven support tyr move pie
wes support gol move spa
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move mar via convoy
bal support swe
bar support stp move nwy
ber hold
boh support mun
bot move swe
bur support mar
den support kie
fin support stp move nwy
hol support kie
ion convoy alb move mar
kie support ruh
lvn support pru
gol convoy alb move mar
mar support spa/sc
mun move bur
naf support wes
nap support tys
nth support nwy
nrg support nwy
nwy support swe
pie support alb move mar
pru support ber
ruh support bur
sil support boh move mun
spa/sc support wes
stp move nwy
swe support bal
tun support wes
tus support gol
tyr support boh move mun
tys convoy alb move mar
ven hold
wes support tun
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: army mar
France: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
mar move gas
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet con
remove naf
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bar support stp move nwy
ber support mun
boh move mun
bot convoy lvn move swe
bur support gas move mar
con move aeg
fin support lvn move swe
gas move mar
ion support tys move tun
lvn move swe via convoy
gol move wes
mar support mun move bur
mun move bur
nap move tys
pie support mar
pru support ber
ruh support bur
sil support boh move mun
spa/sc support gas move mar
stp move nwy
tun support wes
tus move gol
tyr support boh move mun
tys move tun
ven hold
wes move gol
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
England: fleet/dislodged swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
France: fleet/dislodged tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
tun move naf
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg hold
bar move nwy
ber hold
boh move mun
bot convoy swe move lvn
bur support gas move mar
fin support bar move nwy
gas move mar
ion support tun
gol move spa/sc
mar support gol move spa
mun move bur
naf move tun
nwy move swe
pie support mar
pru support swe move lvn
ruh move mun
sil support ber
spa/sc support gas move mar
swe move lvn via convoy
tun support tys move wes
tus move tys
tyr support boh move mun
tys move wes
ven hold
wes move gol
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
remove naf
build Fleet stp/nc
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg convoy con move apu
ber move kie
boh move mun
bot move swe
bur move pic
con move apu via convoy
fin move stp
gas hold
ion convoy con move apu
lvn support pru
gol move spa/sc
mar support gol move spa
mun move bur
nwy move ska
pie support mar
pru support ber
ruh hold
sil support boh move mun
spa/sc move por
stp/nc move nwy
swe move fin
tun move naf
tus move tys
tyr support boh move mun
tys move tun
ven hold
wes move mid
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Turkey: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
apu move rom
ber move kie
bur move par
fin move nwy
ion move tys
mid move nat
mar support spa/sc
mun support ber move kie
naf move mid
nwy move ska
pie hold
por move mid
pru support ber
sil hold
ska move den
stp move mos
swe support ska move den
tun move naf
tyr hold
tys move wes
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
France: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Russia: army par
Russia: supply par
France: army pic
Turkey: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet con
remove gas
remove por
build Fleet stp/nc
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
France: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Russia: army par
Russia: supply par
France: army pic
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
con hold
den support ska move nth
ion move tun
kie support tyr move ruh
mar move bur
mun move ruh
naf support wes move mid
nwy hold
par hold
pie support rom move ven
pru move ber
rom move ven
ska move nth
spa/sc move por
stp/nc move bar
tun move wes
tyr move tri
tys move tus
wes move mid
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
France: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Russia: army par
Russia: supply par
France: army pic
Turkey: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army ven
Russia: army/dislodged ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
ven disband
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
France: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Russia: army par
Russia: supply par
France: army pic
Turkey: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bar move nwy
ber hold
bur support mun move ruh
con move aeg
den move hel
kie support mun move ruh
lvn hold
mid move eng
mun move ruh
naf move mid
nth convoy nwy move edi
nwy move edi
par hold
pie move mar
por support naf move mid
swe move den
tri move tyr
tun move naf
tus move tys
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
France: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Russia: army par
Russia: supply par
France: army pic
Turkey: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
France: army/dislodged ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ruh disband
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
France: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Russia: army par
Russia: supply par
France: army pic
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet con
build Army smy
build Fleet stp/nc
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
France: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Russia: army par
Russia: supply par
France: army pic
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bur move bel
con move aeg
edi move lvp
eng move lon
hel support kie move hol
kie move hol
mid move bre
mar move gas
naf support spa/sc move mid
nth support eng move lon
nwy hold
par support mid move bre
por move spa/nc
ruh support bur move bel
smy move con
spa/sc move mid
stp/nc hold
tyr hold
tys move wes
ven move tri
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Turkey: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
Turkey: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
France: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Russia: army par
Russia: supply par
France: army pic
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg hold
ber hold
bre hold
con move bul
gas support bre
hel move kie
hol hold
ion hold
lon move nth
lvn move war
lvp hold
mid move eng
nth move edi
nwy move swe
par hold
ruh move mun
sil support ber
stp/nc move nwy
tri move vie
tyr move vie
wes move mid
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Turkey: army bel
Turkey: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bre
Turkey: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
France: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Turkey: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Russia: army par
Russia: supply par
France: army pic
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bal
build Fleet con
remove nat
remove pic
build Fleet sev
build Army smy
build Fleet stp/sc
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army bel
Turkey: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bre
Turkey: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
Turkey: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Russia: army par
Russia: supply par
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber support mun
bul move gre
con move bla
den support nwy move nth
edi support nwy move nth
eng move lon
hol hold
kie support hol
lvp move yor
mos move ukr
mun hold
nrg move bar
nwy move nth
par move bur
sev move rum
stp/sc move bot
swe move bal
war move gal
PHASE 1914 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Turkey: army bel
Turkey: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
Turkey: fleet bre
Turkey: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
Turkey: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Turkey: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: supply nwy
Russia: supply par
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
nth move eng
PHASE 1914 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Turkey: army bel
Turkey: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
Turkey: fleet bre
Turkey: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
Turkey: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Russia: supply par
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
bal move swe
ber hold
bot move stp/sc
bre move pic
bur move bel
den move ska
edi move nrg
eng support lon
gal move bud
gas move mar
gre move ser
hol support bur move bel
kie move den
mid move bre
nth support bur move bel
rum move sev
smy move arm
tri move vie
tyr move vie
ukr move rum
yor hold
PHASE 1914 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
Russia: army bel
Turkey: army/dislodged bel
Turkey: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: fleet bre
Turkey: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
Turkey: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Russia: supply par
Turkey: fleet pic
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
bel move ruh
PHASE 1914 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: fleet bre
Turkey: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
Turkey: fleet lon
Turkey: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Russia: supply par
Turkey: fleet pic
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
