PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move eng
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move ven
sev move bla
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move pie
vie move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb support ion move gre
ank move bla
arm move sev
bot move swe
bul move rum
bur move mar
den move swe
edi move nwy via convoy
eng move bel
ion move tun
kie move hol
nth move eng
nrg convoy edi move nwy
pie move mar
ruh move bel
ser move rum
sev support ukr move rum
spa support bur move mar
ukr move rum
ven move tyr
vie move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet con
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army par
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
arm move sev
bla support bul move rum
bot move swe
bud support vie move gal
bul move rum
con move aeg
den move bal
eng move bel
hol support nth move bel
kie move den
lon move nth
mar move pie
mun support ruh move bur
nap move ion
nth move bel
nrg move nat
nwy hold
par move bur
pie hold
ruh move bur
ser support alb move gre
sev support ukr move rum
spa move por
tun move wes
tyr move tri
ukr move rum
vie move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support ion move gre
arm support rum move sev
bal support den move swe
bel hold
bla support rum move sev
bud move tri
bur move mar
den move swe
eng move lon
gal move vie
gre support aeg move ion
hol move kie
ion move gre
mar support par move bur
mun move bur
nat move mid
nth move lon
nwy hold
par move bur
pie support bur move mar
por move spa
rum move sev
ser support bud move tri
tri hold
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: fleet/dislodged gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
France: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
gre move bul/sc
mar move gas
swe move fin
tri move ven
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army bud
build Fleet lon
build Fleet nap
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move con
arm move bul via convoy
bal convoy ber move lvn
bel move pic
ber move lvn via convoy
bla convoy arm move bul
bud support ser move rum
bul/sc move con
eng hold
gas move mar
gre support arm move bul
kie move ruh
lon move eng
mid move bre
mar support wes move spa
mun move bur
nap move apu
nth support lon move eng
nwy move stp
par move pic
pie support mar
por move spa
ser move rum
sev move mos
swe move fin
tri support vie move tyr
ven hold
vie move tyr
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet/dislodged eng
Russia: fleet fin
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
eng move mid
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move con
apu move adr
bal hold
bel move hol
bla move sev
bre hold
bud support rum
bul move ser
bur move par
eng support bre
gas move mar
gre move alb
lvn move war
mid move bre
mar support wes move spa
mos support lvn move war
nth move den
par support mid move bre
pie support ven
por move spa
ruh move mun
rum support tri move ser
stp hold
swe hold
tri move ser
tyr move tri
ven hold
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
war move sil
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
build Fleet edi
remove gas
build Fleet lon
build Army lvp
remove sil
build Army smy
remove ukr
build Army vie
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move tri
alb support adr move tri
ank move bla
bal move den
bre hold
bud support tri
bul support sev move rum
bur move ruh
con support bul
den move kie
edi move nth
eng move bel
hol support eng move bel
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mid move iri
mar hold
mos hold
mun move kie
par move pic
pie move tyr
por move spa
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sev move rum
smy move ank
stp move nwy
swe support bal move den
tri hold
ven support adr move tri
vie support tri
war hold
wes move gol
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: fleet/dislodged den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: fleet rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
den move ska
rum move ukr
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
alb support ven move tri
ank move sev via convoy
bel move hol
bla convoy ank move sev
bre hold
bud support tri move ser
bul support rum
con support bul
den support swe
eng support bel
hol move kie
iri move lvp
gol move wes
mos support ank move sev
mun support ruh move kie
nth support ska move den
nwy move swe
pic move bre
ruh move kie
rum support ank move sev
ser move gre
ska move den
spa hold
swe support den
tri move ser
tyr support ven move tri
ukr move rum
ven move tri
vie move tyr
yor move lvp
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
den move bal
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet lon
remove ukr
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
alb move gre
ank move sev via convoy
bal move den
bel hold
bla convoy ank move sev
bre support eng move mid
bud move tri
bul support rum
con move aeg
den support hol move kie
eng move mid
gre support ser move alb
hol move kie
iri move lvp
kie support bal move den
lon move nth
mar hold
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nth move hel
nwy move swe
pic move bur
rum support bul
ser move alb
sev move mos
spa hold
swe support bal move den
tri support tyr move vie
tyr move vie
vie support bud move tri
war move lvn
wes move mid
yor move lvp
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Italy: fleet/dislodged alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move adr
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg support ion move gre
alb move tri
bal convoy lvn move den
bel hold
bla move rum
bre move eng
bud support alb move tri
bul move ser
bur support spa move mar
den move swe
gre move ser
hel support hol move kie
hol move kie
ion move gre
iri move lvp
kie support lvn move den
lvn move den via convoy
mid support wes move spa
mar hold
nth move den
nwy support den move swe
ruh move mun
rum move bul/ec
sev move ukr
spa move mar
swe support lvn move den
tri move vie
tyr support tri move vie
vie support alb move tri
wes move spa/sc
yor move lvp
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army/dislodged gre
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army/dislodged kie
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
Germany: army/dislodged mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army/dislodged swe
England: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
gre move alb
kie move ber
mar move gas
swe move fin
vie move boh
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Germany: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
France: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove bal
remove boh
build Army con
remove fin
remove lvn
build Army lvp
build Army ven
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
France: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg support gre
alb move ser
bel hold
ber support mun move kie
bla convoy con move rum
bud move vie
bul move ser
bur move par
con move rum via convoy
eng move bre
gas move bur
gre hold
hel support kie
iri move nat
kie hold
lvp hold
mid move por
mar move pie
mos move war
mun move kie
nth convoy yor move hol
nwy hold
rum move sev
spa/sc move por
stp hold
swe move bal
tri support bud move vie
tyr support adr move tri
ukr move gal
ven support adr move tri
vie move bud
yor move hol
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg hold
alb move ser
bal move ber
bel hold
ber move kie
bla move bul/ec
bre hold
bud support alb move ser
bul move ser
bur move mar
gal support rum move bud
gre move alb
hel support kie
hol move ruh
kie support bal move ber
lvp hold
mid move wes
mun move ruh
nat move nrg
nth move eng
nwy hold
par move bre
pie move ven
rum move bud
sev move rum
spa/sc move por
tyr move mun
ven support tri
vie move bud
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army/dislodged ber
England: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber disband
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army con
build Army lon
build Fleet nap
remove par
remove pie
build Fleet rom
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg hold
alb support aeg move gre
ank move smy
bel support hel move nth
ber support hol move kie
bla convoy con move rum
bre move mid
bud support bul move ser
bul move ser
con move rum via convoy
eng convoy lon move pic
gal move war
gre hold
hel move nth
hol move kie
kie move den
lon move pic
lvp move edi
mar move gas
mun move bur
nap move ion
nrg move edi
nwy hold
por move spa/sc
rom move tys
rum move bul/ec
stp hold
tri hold
tyr hold
ven move pie
vie move boh
war move lvn
wes move gol
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move eas
alb support aeg move gre
bel hold
ber move pru
bla move con
boh support tyr move mun
bud support ser
bur support gas move par
den move bal
eng move bre
gas move par
gre move alb
ion move tun
kie move mun
lvn move stp
lvp move edi
gol move spa/sc
mid support gol move spa
nth move eng
nrg move edi
nwy move stp
pic move par
pie move mar
rum move ukr
smy move ank
spa/sc move por
stp move fin
tri support gre move alb
tyr move mun
tys move gol
war move mos
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
England: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
remove bur
build Army lon
remove nrg
build Fleet rom
build Army smy
build Army ven
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
England: fleet pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
alb move ion
bal move swe
bel move hol
boh move sil
bre move gas
bud support ser
eng convoy lon move pic
fin support mos move stp
kie move mun
lon move pic via convoy
lvn hold
lvp move wal
gol move spa/sc
mid support spa/sc move por
mar support gol move spa
mos move stp
nwy move stp
pic move bel
por support gol move spa
pru move ber
rom move tys
ser support bud
spa/sc move por
tri move adr
tun move wes
ukr move mos
ven move tyr
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
England: fleet gas
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
England: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
