PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move rum
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move bur
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move apu
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move adr
ven hold
vie move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ven
apu move gre
arm move ank
bot move swe
bud move rum
bul move gre
bur support pic move bel
con move bul
gal support ukr move rum
hol move bel
ion convoy apu move gre
kie move den
mid move por
nth convoy yor move nwy
nrg move bar
pic move bel
ruh move mun
sev support ukr move rum
ukr move rum
ven hold
vie move bud
yor move nwy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Army stp
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
apu hold
bar hold
ber move mun
bud move ser
bul move gre
bur move mar
con move bul
den hold
gal support rum move bud
hol move bel
ion hold
kie move ruh
lon move nth
mar move gol
mos move stp
mun move tyr
nth move hel
nwy support bar move stp/sc
par move bur
por move spa/sc
rum move bud
sev move rum
smy move aeg
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
ven hold
vie move bud
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
England: army/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nwy move fin
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg move eas
ank move con
apu move ven
bar support fin move stp
bel support bur
bud support gal move vie
bul move gre
bur support bel
den move kie
fin move stp
gal move vie
gre move alb
hel move nth
hol move bel
ion move tun
gol move tys
mar move pie
mun move bur
nth move nrg
nwy support stp
ruh support hol move bel
ser support vie move bud
stp support nwy
swe support nwy
tyr support ven move tri
ven move tri
vie move bud
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bar
France: army/dislodged bel
Germany: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Russia: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move pic
bud move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bar
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
remove nth
build Army sev
build Army smy
build Army ven
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bar
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu move rom
bar support fin move stp
bel move eng
ber move kie
bud move vie
bur move bel
eas move aeg
fin move stp
gal move bud
gre move bul
kie move hol
mos support stp
mun move bur
nap support apu move rom
nrg move nwy
nwy support stp
pic support bur
pie move mar
ruh support mun move bur
ser move bul
sev support rum
smy move syr
spa/sc move mid
stp support nwy
swe support nwy
tri support ven
tun hold
tyr move pie
tys move gol
ven support tyr move pie
vie support gal move bud
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb support gre move ser
bar support fin move nwy
bel move hol
bud support vie move tri
bur move pic
eng move lon
fin move nwy
gre move ser
hol support ruh move bel
kie move den
gol support mar
mid move bre
mar move bur
mos support stp
nap move tys
nrg support fin move nwy
nwy support stp
pic move par
pie move mar
rom hold
ruh move bel
rum move bla
ser move bud
sev move rum
stp support nwy
swe support nwy
tri hold
tun move wes
ven support tri
vie move tri
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ser move bul
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove fin
build Army mun
build Army war
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb support ser move tri
bar move nrg
bel move bur
ber hold
bla support rum move bul
bre hold
bul move gre
bur move ruh
con move bul/sc
den move nth
hol move bel
ion move tun
lon move wal
gol move spa/sc
mar move spa
mun support bel move bur
nrg move nth
par move pic
pic move par
rom support tys move nap
rum move bul
ser move tri
stp support nwy
swe support nwy
tri hold
tys move nap
ven support tri
vie support bud
war move ukr
wes move tun
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move gre
bar move nrg
bel move pic
ber hold
bla move ank
bre move pic
bud move ser
bul support bud move ser
bur support pic move par
con move bul/sc
den move nth
gre hold
ion support alb move gre
gol move spa/sc
mar hold
mos move ukr
mun move boh
nap move tys
nrg move nth
nwy move fin
par support bre move pic
pic move par
rom move nap
ruh move bel
ser hold
stp support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tri hold
ukr move rum
ven support tri
wal move lvp
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: army/dislodged par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
par move gas
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bar
remove gas
remove ion
build Fleet kie
build Army mun
build Army sev
build Army war
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move con
bel move pic
ber move sil
boh support mun move tyr
bre move eng
bud support rum move ser
bul support rum move ser
bur move gas
con move ank
den move nth
fin move swe
gre move bul
kie move hol
lvp move cly
gol move wes
mar support bur move gas
mun move tyr
nap move rom
nrg move cly
nwy hold
par move bre
ruh move bel
rum move ser
ser support gre move bul
sev move arm
stp move mos
syr move smy
tri hold
tys move wes
ukr move rum
ven support tri
vie support bud
war move gal
wes move mid
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Turkey: army/dislodged ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank support bul move con
arm move smy
bel move hol
boh support tyr
bre hold
bud support vie
bul move con
con support smy move ank
eng move lon
gal support vie
gas move spa
gre move ser
hol move bel
lvp move cly
gol move mar
mid move por
mar support gas move spa
mos move war
nth move eng
nrg move edi
pic support hol move bel
rom move apu
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sil support boh
smy move ank
tri hold
tyr support boh
tys move ion
ven support tri
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: army arm
France: army/dislodged bel
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel disband
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove gol
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Fleet sev
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank support sev move bla
arm support ank
bel move nth
boh support sil
bre move gas
bud support vie
bul move gre
cly move edi
con move ank
edi move nth
eng move mid
gal support vie
gre move bul
ion move aeg
lon move wal
mar move pie
mun support tyr
nap move ion
pic move bel
por move mid
rum move bul
ser support bul move gre
sev move bla
sil support boh
smy move ank
spa hold
tri hold
tyr support boh
ven support tri
war support gal
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Russia: army gre
Turkey: army/dislodged gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Germany: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gre move alb
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Russia: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Germany: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support apu move gre
alb move gre
ank support bla move con
arm move smy
bel move nth
bla move con
boh support sil
bud move tri
bul support bla move con
cly move lvp
con move ank
edi move nth
eng support bel move nth
gal support vie
gas move mar
gre support bul
ion convoy apu move gre
mun support tyr
pic move bel
pie move ven
por move mid
ser support bud move tri
sil support boh
smy support con move ank
spa move por
tri support ven
tyr support pie move ven
ven support tri
vie support bud move tri
wal move lon
war support gal
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ven move rom
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove aeg
remove alb
build Army ber
remove ion
build Fleet kie
build Army mos
build Fleet sev
build Fleet stp/nc
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
apu move rom
arm support con move smy
bel move hol
ber move kie
boh support sil
bul move rum
con move smy
edi move nth
eng move lon
gal support vie
gre move alb
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move wal
mid move bre
mar move pie
mos move lvn
mun support boh
nth support eng move lon
nwy move swe
por move spa
rom move apu
ser support tri
sev move bla
sil support boh
smy hold
stp/nc move nwy
swe move fin
tyr support ven
ven support tyr
war support gal
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Russia: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army/dislodged smy
Russia: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
smy move syr
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Russia: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move tri
apu move rom
arm support con move smy
bla move con
boh move vie
bre hold
con move smy
den move ska
edi move nth
eng move mid
fin move nwy
gal support vie
hol move bel
kie move den
lon move wal
lvn support war
mun move boh
nth move lon
nwy move nrg
pie move tus
rom move apu
rum move bud
sil move gal
smy move aeg
spa move gas
syr move smy
tyr support boh move vie
ven move tri
wal support nth move lon
war support gal
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
France: fleet/dislodged lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
lon disband
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
remove syr
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb support tri
apu support rom
arm move sev
bel move pic
boh move gal
bre move eng
bud move vie
con move smy
den hold
gal support war move sil
gas move bre
lon support ska move nth
lvn move pru
mid move wes
nap move ion
nth move bel
nrg move edi
nwy support swe
rom hold
ser support tri
sil support boh move gal
ska move nth
smy move eas
tri support bud move vie
tus support ven
tyr move tri
ven support tyr move tri
vie support boh move gal
wal move iri
war move sil
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
Russia: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Germany: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb support tri
apu support rom
bel move hol
boh support vie
bre hold
den move swe
eas support aeg move ion
eng move bel
gal support bud move vie
iri move mid
lon support nth
nap move ion
nth support pic move bel
pic move bel
pru support war move sil
rom hold
ser support tri
sev move ukr
sil move ber
smy move aeg
tri support bud move vie
tus support ven
tyr support vie
ven support tyr
vie support boh
war move sil
wes move tun
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Germany: fleet tun
Germany: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet kie
build Army mun
build Army war
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Germany: fleet tun
Germany: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
alb move tri
bel move hol
ber hold
boh support vie
bre move gas
bud support tri move vie
den move swe
eas move ion
gal support tri move vie
hol move kie
ion move tun
kie move bal
lon move yor
mid move wes
mos move stp
mun support ber
nap support rom
nth move nrg
pru move ber
rom hold
ser support alb move tri
sil move boh
tri move vie
tun support nap move ion
tus move rom
tyr move tri
ukr support war
ven support tus move rom
vie support boh
war support sil
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Russia: supply gre
Germany: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Germany: fleet tun
Germany: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
bal move kie
ber move pru
boh move gal
bud support vie
den move swe
eas move ion
gas move mar
hol support bal move kie
ion move adr
kie move hol
mun move sil
nap support rom
nrg move edi
nwy support swe
pru support sil
rom hold
ser support tri
sil support gal move boh
stp support nwy
tun support wes move tys
tus support ven
tyr move vie
ukr move gal
ven move tri
vie support gal move boh
war support sil
wes move tys
yor support nrg move edi
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Russia: fleet/dislodged edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: supply gre
Germany: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
England: fleet/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Germany: fleet tun
Germany: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Germany: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
edi move cly
kie move hel
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Germany: fleet tun
Germany: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Germany: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
remove hel
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Germany: fleet tun
Germany: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Germany: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
adr support ser move tri
aeg support ion
ber support mun
boh support tyr
bud support vie
cly move lvp
den move swe
edi move nrg
gal move boh
hol move bel
kie support ber
mar move pie
mun support boh
nap move rom
nwy move swe
pru move ber
rom move nap
ser move tri
sil support gal move boh
stp move nwy
swe move bal
tri move tyr
tun move ion
tus support ven
tyr support boh
tys support tun move ion
ukr support gal
ven support tus
vie support gal move boh
war support sil
yor move nth
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Germany: fleet tun
Germany: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Germany: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg support ion
bal move swe
bel move ruh
ber move pru
boh support sil move mun
bud move vie
den move swe
kie move bal
mun move sil
nap move rom
nth move nwy
nrg support nth move nwy
pie support ven
pru move ber
rom move nap
ser support tri
sil move mun
stp support nwy
tri support vie move tyr
tun move ion
tus move rom
tyr move boh
tys support tus move rom
ukr move gal
ven support tus move rom
vie move tyr
war move sil
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: supply por
Russia: army pru
Germany: army rom
Italy: army/dislodged rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Germany: fleet tun
Germany: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Germany: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
rom move apu
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: supply por
Russia: army pru
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Germany: fleet tun
Germany: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Germany: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove apu
build Fleet sev
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: supply por
Russia: army pru
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Germany: fleet tun
Germany: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Germany: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
aeg support ion
bal move swe
ber move sil
boh support tyr move mun
den move yor
gal move vie
ion support nap
kie move den
lvp move wal
mun support pie move tyr
nth convoy den move yor
nrg move nat
pie move tyr
pru move ber
rom support tys move nap
ruh support mun
ser move tri
sev move bla
sil support tyr move mun
stp support nwy
tri move ven
tun move tys
tyr move mun
tys move nap
ven support pie move tyr
vie move tyr
war support sil
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: supply por
Russia: army pru
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Germany: fleet tun
Germany: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: fleet tys
Russia: army ven
Germany: army/dislodged ven
Germany: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
ven move pie
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: supply por
Russia: army pru
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Germany: fleet tun
Germany: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: fleet tys
Russia: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
adr support ven
aeg support ion
ber support mun
bla move con
boh move mun
den move swe
gal support war move sil
mun support ber
nat move lvp
nth move lon
nwy support swe
pie move tus
pru support sil move ber
rom move nap
ruh support mun
sil move ber
stp support nwy
tri support ven
tun move ion
tyr move pie
tys support rom move nap
vie move tyr
wal move eng
war move sil
yor support nat move lvp
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: army/dislodged ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: army nap
Italy: fleet/dislodged nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: supply por
Russia: army pru
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Germany: fleet tun
Germany: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Germany: fleet tys
Russia: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
ber move kie
nap disband
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: army nap
Germany: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: supply por
Russia: army pru
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Germany: fleet tun
Germany: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Germany: fleet tys
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
