PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
bre move eng
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move bur
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move nap
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move tyr
vie move gal
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move bla
ber move mun
bot move swe
bul move rum
bur move bel
con move bul
den support bot move swe
eng convoy pic move lon
gal move war
ion convoy nap move tun
nap move tun via convoy
nth move bel
nrg move nwy
pic move lon via convoy
ruh move mun
ser support alb move gre
sev move rum
stp move nwy
tyr move mun
ukr support sev move rum
yor move lon
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Fleet sev
build Army smy
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ber move sil
bla move sev
bud support tri move ser
bul move rum
bur move bel
con move bul
eng convoy pic move wal
gre move aeg
ion move eas
mun move tyr
nap move ion
nth move eng
nrg move nwy
pic move wal via convoy
ruh support bur move bel
rum support sev move bla
ser move gre
sev move bla
smy move arm
stp move mos
swe move den
tri move ser
tun hold
tyr move ven
ukr support rum
vie move gal
war support vie move gal
yor move lon
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support tun move smy
arm move smy
bel support ruh move hol
bud move vie
bul move rum
con support bul
den move nth
eas convoy tun move smy
eng move wal
gal support war
gre move bul
ion convoy tun move smy
lon hold
mos move war
nth move edi
nwy hold
ruh move hol
rum move bla
ser support gre move bul
sev support rum move bla
sil move ber
swe move ska
tun move smy via convoy
tyr move mun
ukr move gal
ven hold
wal move lvp
war support gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Turkey: fleet/dislodged bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Italy: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bla move ank
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
remove ank
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
remove con
build Fleet kie
build Army nap
build Army par
remove rum
remove ska
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support smy move con
arm move syr
bel move bur
ber move kie
bla move ank
bre move mid
bud support gal move rum
bul support smy move con
con hold
eas convoy nap move smy
edi hold
gal move rum
hol move bel
ion convoy nap move smy
kie move bal
lon hold
lvp move edi
mos move war
mun move bur
nap move smy via convoy
nth support hol move bel
nwy move nrg
par move gas
rum move ukr
ser support gal move rum
sev support rum
smy move con
ukr support mos move war
ven move tyr
vie move gal
wal move lon
war support vie move gal
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
France: army/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bel move pic
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
ank move con
bal convoy kie move pru
bel move nwy via convoy
bud move vie
bul support ser move rum
con move ank
eas move ion
edi hold
gal support war
gas move spa
ion move tys
kie move pru via convoy
lon hold
lvp move yor
mid move por
mos support ukr move war
mun move tyr
nth convoy bel move nwy
nrg move nat
pic move bur
rum hold
ser support rum
sev move bla
smy support con move ank
ukr move war
wal move lon
war support gal
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Russia: fleet/dislodged ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
ank disband
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
remove lon
build Fleet mar
build Fleet nap
build Army sev
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
ank support smy move con
ber move sil
bla move rum
bre move mid
bud move gal
bul support rum
bur move gas
edi hold
gal move sil
gre move aeg
ion move tys
mar move pie
mos move war
mun support ber move sil
nat move lvp
nap move rom
nth move edi
por move spa/sc
pru support ber move sil
rum support bud move gal
ser support rum
sev support ukr
smy move con
spa move mar
syr hold
tyr move pie
tys move gol
ukr support mos move war
vie move boh
wal move lvp
war support gal move sil
yor move edi
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Austria: army/dislodged war
Austria: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
war move lvn
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Austria: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move gre
ank support con
bal move lvn
bla move bul/ec
boh support tyr move mun
bud move gal
bul support rum
con support ank
edi hold
gal move sil
gas move mar
lvn move stp
gol hold
mid convoy spa move naf
mar move pie
mun support sil
nat move lvp
nth support yor move edi
nwy move stp
por move spa/sc
pru support war
rom move tus
rum support bud move gal
ser support rum
sev move rum
sil support mun
spa move naf via convoy
tyr move mun
tys move wes
ukr support sev move rum
wal move lvp
war support sil move gal
yor move edi
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
England: fleet/dislodged edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun move kie
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
France: army naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bal
remove gre
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet rom
build Army stp
remove syr
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
France: army naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move arm
bla move ank
boh move sil
bud move gal
bul support rum
edi move lvp
gal move ukr
kie support sil move mun
lvn move war
gol support tus move pie
mid move wes
mar support par move bur
mun hold
naf move tun
nap move ion
nth convoy nwy move hol
nwy move hol via convoy
par move bur
pie move gol
pru move ber
rom move tys
rum support gal move ukr
ser support rum
sev move rum
sil move mun
spa/sc support mid move wes
stp move lvn
tus move pie
ukr move mos
wal move iri
war support stp move lvn
wes move tun
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Austria: army/dislodged lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Italy: army/dislodged mun
Italy: supply mun
France: army naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
lvn move pru
mun move tyr
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Italy: supply mun
France: army naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move arm
arm move ank
ber move sil
bur support mar
con support arm move ank
gal support sil move war
hol move ruh
ion move tun
iri move mid
kie move ber
lvn move pru
gol support tys move wes
mar support spa/sc
mos support sev
mun move tyr
naf move tun
nth move lon
pie hold
pru support sil move war
rum move ukr
ser move bud
sev move arm
sil move war
spa/sc support wes
tyr hold
tys move wes
ukr move mos
war support lvn move pru
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Russia: fleet/dislodged ank
Italy: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Italy: supply mun
France: army naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move bla
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Fleet kie
build Army vie
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move smy
arm move sev
ber support sil move pru
bla support arm move sev
bre move eng
bud move gal
bul move rum
bur support spa/sc move mar
con move ank
gal move war
ion move tun
kie move bal
lon move nth
lvn move war
lvp move wal
gol support tys move wes
mid move wes
mar move gas
mos support lvn move war
mun move boh
naf support wes move tun
pie support gol
pru move lvn
ruh move mun
rum move sev
sil move pru
spa/sc move mar
tys move wes
ukr support war move mos
vie move boh
war move mos
wes move tun
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
mos move stp
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move con
bal move bot
ber move sil
bla support sev
bud move gal
bul move con
bur support mar
eng move mid
gal move war
gas support mar
ion support gol move tys
lvn support stp move mos
gol move tys
mid move spa/sc
mar support mid move spa
mos support gal move war
naf support tun
nth move ska
pie move tus
pru move war
ruh support mun
rum move sev
sev support stp move mos
smy move arm
stp move mos
tun hold
tyr move pie
ukr support rum move sev
vie move tyr
wes move tun
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army kie
remove pie
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move con
arm move sev
bla support sev
bot move bal
bre move eng
bud support rum
bul move con
bur support gas move mar
gal support ukr
gas move mar
ion support wes move tun
kie move ruh
lvn move war
mid support tun move wes
mar move gol
mos move ukr
mun move boh
naf move tun
pru support lvn move war
ruh move mun
rum support arm move sev
sev support mos move ukr
sil support lvn move war
ska move nth
spa/sc support mar move gol
tri move ven
tun move wes
tus move gol
tyr support vie move boh
tys support wes move tun
ukr support arm move sev
vie move boh
wal hold
wes move tun
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
arm move sev
bal move den
bla support sev
boh support gal
bud move vie
bul move con
bur move bel
eng support bur move bel
gal support ukr
ion move tun
kie move ber
gol move wes
mid move spa/sc
mar move bur
mos move ukr
mun support sil
naf move tun
nth move lon
pru support war
ruh support mun
rum support arm move sev
sev support mos move ukr
sil move gal
spa/sc move mar
tun move wes
tus move gol
tyr support ven move pie
tys support tun move wes
ukr support arm move sev
ven move pie
wal move lon
war support sil move gal
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
remove pie
build Army stp
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move con
arm support ukr move sev
bel move ruh
ber move kie
bla move rum
boh move mun
bre move mid
bul move con
bur support boh move mun
den move nth
eng move lon
gal move sil
ion move tun
gol move mar
mar move pie
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
naf move tun
nth move edi
pru move sil
ruh move hol
rum support ukr move sev
sev support bla move rum
sil move mun
spa/sc support bre move mid
stp move lvn
tus move gol
tyr support boh move mun
tys support tus move gol
ukr move sev
vie move boh
wal move yor
war support mos move ukr
wes support tus move gol
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
mun move ber
sev move mos
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
ank move con
arm support sev
bel support bur move ruh
ber move mun
bla move rum
boh support mun
bul move con
bur move ruh
gal move war
hol support nth move bel
ion move tun
kie support ber move mun
lon move eng
lvn support war
gol support wes
mid support spa/sc move wes
mar move gol
mos support ukr
mun support bur move ruh
naf move tun
nth move bel
pie support mar move gol
pru support war
rum support sev
sev support rum
sil support ber move mun
spa/sc move wes
tyr support mun
tys support ion move tun
ukr support sil move gal
war support sil move gal
wes support gol
yor move lon
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
France: army/dislodged bel
Germany: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet/dislodged gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move bur
gol move tus
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove bur
remove lvn
remove mid
build Fleet nap
build Army ven
build Army vie
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move con
arm support ukr move sev
bel move nth
ber move kie
bla support ank move con
boh support mun
bud move gal
bul move con
edi move yor
eng move bel
gal move sil
hol move bel
kie move hol
lon move yor
gol convoy naf move mar
mos support ukr move sev
mun support gal move sil
naf move mar via convoy
nap move apu
pie hold
pru move ber
ruh move bur
rum support sev
sev hold
sil move mun
tun support tus move tys
tus move tys
tyr support mun
tys move ion
ukr move sev
ven move pie
vie support bud move gal
war move gal
wes convoy naf move mar
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Italy: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu move adr
arm move ank
ber support pru move sil
bla support con move bul
boh support mun
bul move gre
bur move pic
con move bul
edi move cly
eng move lon
gal move war
hol move bel
ion move gre
kie move mun
lon move yor
gol move spa/sc
mar move bur
mos support war
mun support bur move ruh
nth support hol move bel
pie move mar
pru move sil
rum move ukr
sev move rum
sil support gal move war
tun hold
tyr support vie move tri
tys move ion
ven move tri
vie move tri
war support pru move sil
wes move mid
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Austria: army/dislodged bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
bul move ser
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
build Army rom
build Army stp
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
adr support ven
ank move con
ber move kie
bla support rum
boh move sil
bul support ion move gre
bur support pic move bel
cly move lvp
gal support ukr move war
ion move gre
kie move hol
lon support mid move eng
mid move eng
mar move pie
mos move ukr
mun hold
nth support bel
pic move bel
rom move apu
rum support war move gal
ser move rum
sil move ber
spa/sc move mid
stp move lvn
tri move ven
tun move tys
tyr support tri move ven
tys move ion
ukr move war
ven hold
war move gal
yor move lvp
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
war move mos
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
adr support ven
apu move alb via convoy
ber support kie move mun
bla move sev
bul hold
bur support pic move bel
cly move lvp
con move ank
eng support pic move bel
gal support war
gre support apu move alb
hol support bel
ion convoy apu move alb
kie move mun
lon move nth
lvn move war
mid move nat
mos support bla move sev
mun move ber
nth move edi
pic move bel
pie hold
rum move bud
ser move bud
sil support war
tyr support tri
ukr move rum
ven hold
yor move lvp
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
France: army bel
Germany: army/dislodged bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Austria: army/dislodged mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
bel move ruh
mun move ruh
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Fleet kie
build Army nap
remove sil
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
adr convoy nap move tri
alb support nap move tri
ank move con
bel support bur
ber move mun
bre move eng
bul move ser
bur support bel
cly move nrg
edi support cly move nrg
eng move nth
gal support ser move rum
gre move bul/sc
hol move bel
ion convoy nap move tri
kie move hel
lvn support mos move war
mos move war
mun move ruh
nat move nrg
nap move tri via convoy
nth move nwy
pie hold
rum support ukr move gal
ser move rum
sev move bla
tri move ven
tyr support tri move ven
tys move tun
ukr move gal
ven support nap move tri
war move mos
yor move lvp
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Italy: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Austria: army/dislodged war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
ven move rom
war move sil
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Italy: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr support rom move ven
alb support bul move ser
bel support bur
bla move ank
bul move ser
bur support bel
con move ank
edi move nth
eng support bel
gal move bud
gre move bul/sc
hel support edi move nth
hol support ruh move bel
ion move gre
lvn move war
lvp support nth move edi
mun move bur
nat move nrg
nth move edi
nrg support edi move nth
nwy move stp/nc
pie hold
rom move ven
ruh move bel
rum support war move gal
ser support ven move tri
sil move ber
tri move tyr
tun move ion
tyr support ven move tri
ukr support lvn move war
ven move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Italy: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
tri move vie
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Italy: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
remove bud
build Army nap
build Army rom
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Italy: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr convoy nap move tri
alb support nap move tri
bel support bur
ber move sil
bla move ank
bre move pic
bul/sc move con
bur support bel
con move smy
edi move nth
eng support bel
gal move boh
gre move bul/sc
hel support edi move nth
hol move bel
ion convoy nap move tri
lvp move edi
mun move ber
nat move nrg
nap move tri via convoy
nth move nwy
nrg support edi move nth
pie hold
rom move apu
ruh move mun
rum move bud
ser move bud
stp/nc support nth move nwy
tri move vie
tyr support tri move vie
ukr move gal
ven support nap move tri
vie support ser move bud
war move lvn
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
alb move ser
ank move bla
apu move alb via convoy
bel support bur
ber support mun
boh move gal
bul/sc move con
bur support bel
con move ank
edi hold
eng move nth
gal move bud
hel move nth
hol move bel
ion convoy apu move alb
lvn move war
mun support ber
nat move nrg
nth move edi
nrg support nth move edi
nwy support nat move nrg
pic support bel
rum support gal move bud
ser move bul
sil move boh
smy support con move ank
stp/nc support nwy
tri hold
tyr move tri
ven hold
vie support tyr move tri
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet/dislodged nrg
France: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nrg move bar
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
Germany: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bar
remove boh
build Fleet bre
build Army nap
build Army par
build Fleet sev
remove tyr
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move tri
ank support smy move arm
bel move ruh
ber move mun
bla move arm
bre move eng
bud support rum
bul move rum
bur support bel move ruh
con move bla
edi hold
eng move lon
gal move boh
hel support nth
hol support mun move ruh
ion move aeg
mun move ruh
nap move apu
nth support hel
nrg move nth
nwy support nrg move nth
par move pic
pic move bel
pie move mar
rum support bud
ser support bul move rum
sev support bla
smy move arm
stp/nc move bar
tri move bud
ven move tyr
vie move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1913 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Italy: army arm
France: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
rum move ukr
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Italy: army arm
France: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr convoy apu move alb
aeg move bul/sc
alb move ser
ank support con move bla
apu move alb via convoy
arm move sev
bar convoy edi move stp
bel move ruh
ber move mun
bla move rum
boh move vie
bud support boh move vie
bur support bel move ruh
con move bla
edi move stp
eng support lon move nth
gal support bud
hel move den
hol support mun move ruh
lon move nth
mar hold
mun move ruh
nth move hel
nrg convoy edi move stp
nwy support lon move nth
par move pic
pic move bel
rum support ser move bud
ser move bud
sev move bla
tri support ser move bud
ukr support bla move rum
vie move tri
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Italy: army arm
France: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: army stp
France: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ven
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Italy: army arm
France: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: army stp
France: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr convoy apu move alb
alb move gre
ank support bla
apu move alb via convoy
arm move sev
bar support nrg move nwy
bel move ruh
ber move kie
bla support arm move sev
boh support bud move vie
bud move vie
bul/sc hold
bur support bel move ruh
den move swe
eng support nth
gal support bud move vie
hel support hol
mar hold
mun move bur
nth support nwy move ska
nrg move nwy
nwy move ska
par move pic
pic move bel
rum support sev
ser move bud
sev support rum
tri move vie
tyr support tri move vie
ukr move mos
ven move tri
vie move boh
PHASE 1914 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
France: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: army stp
France: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
alb move ser
ank support bla
arm move sev
bar move stp/nc
bel move hol
bla support arm move sev
boh move tyr
bud hold
bul/sc move con
bur move mun
eng move bel
gal support vie
gre move bul
hel support hol
hol support kie
kie support mun
mar move spa/sc
mos support sev
mun support kie
nth support bel move hol
nwy support ska move swe
pic move bur
ruh support bur move mun
rum move bla
sev support rum move bla
ska move swe
stp move lvn
swe move den
tri support bud
tyr hold
ven support tyr
vie support boh move tyr
PHASE 1914 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bre
build Army rom
PHASE 1915 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
ank support bla
arm move sev
bel support eng move nth
bla support arm move sev
bre move pic
bud move vie
bul move rum
bur move mun
con support bla
den move bal
eng move nth
hel move den
hol support kie move ruh
kie move ruh
lvn move pru
mun support kie move ruh
nth move ska
nwy support nth move ska
pic move bur
rom move tus
ruh support bur move mun
ser support bul move rum
spa/sc move mar
stp/nc hold
swe support nth move ska
tri support bud move vie
tyr support bur move mun
ven support tyr
PHASE 1915 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Russia: army/dislodged vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mun move kie
PHASE 1915 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
bal move ber
bel move hol
bla move sev
bur move ruh
con move bul/ec
den move swe
ion move tun
kie support ruh move mun
mun support bur move ruh
nth support bel move hol
nwy move swe
pic move bel
pru move ber
ruh move mun
rum support vie move gal
ser move bud
sev move ukr
ska support swe move den
swe move den
tri move vie
tus move ven
tyr move boh
ven move tyr
vie move gal
PHASE 1915 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/ec
Italy: supply con
France: fleet den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
Italy: supply gre
France: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
den move hel
mun move sil
PHASE 1915 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/ec
Italy: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: fleet sev
Italy: supply sev
France: army sil
France: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
remove hel
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army rom
PHASE 1916 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/ec
Italy: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: fleet sev
Italy: supply sev
France: army sil
France: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bal move ber
bel move ruh
bla move con
boh support tyr move mun
bre move mid
bud move gal
den move kie
hol support den move kie
kie support mun
mar move gol
mun support kie
nap move tys
nth move eng
par move bur
pru move ber
rom move nap
ruh move mun
rum move sev
sev move bla
sil support ruh move mun
ska move nth
stp/nc hold
swe move bal
tyr move mun
ukr support gal move war
ven support vie move tyr
vie move tyr
PHASE 1916 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
France: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bal move kie
bel move ruh
bla hold
boh hold
bud move gal
bul/ec move con
bur support ruh move mun
con move aeg
eng move mid
gal move war
hol move nth
kie support pru move ber
gol support mid move wes
mid move wes
mun support bal move kie
nap move tun via convoy
nth move den
pru move ber
ruh move mun
sev move mos
sil support ruh move mun
stp/nc hold
swe support nth move den
tun move ion
tyr hold
tys convoy nap move tun
ukr support gal move war
ven support tyr
vie support boh
PHASE 1916 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
France: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bal
build Fleet bre
build Fleet mar
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet rom
PHASE 1917 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
France: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ber support mun
bla move con
boh hold
bre move mid
bur move mar
con move smy
den move swe
gal move war
ion support tun
kie move bal
gol move tys
mid move naf
mar move pie
mos move stp
mun hold
nap move rom
nth move eng
par move bur
rom move tus
ruh support mun
sev move mos
sil move pru
stp/nc hold
swe move fin
tun hold
tyr support ven move pie
tys hold
ukr support sev move mos
ven move pie
vie support boh
war move lvn
wes support gol move tys
PHASE 1917 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: fleet fin
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Italy: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: fleet/dislodged tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
tys move nap
PHASE 1917 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: fleet fin
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Italy: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support ion
bal move lvn
ber support mun
boh move sil
bur support mar
eng move mid
fin support stp/nc
ion support tun
lvn move pru
mid move spa/sc
mar hold
mos hold
mun hold
naf support tys move tun
nap move tys
par move gas
pie move mar
pru support bal move lvn
rom support nap move tys
ruh support mun
stp/nc hold
swe move bot
tun hold
tus support nap move tys
tyr hold
tys move tun
ukr move gal
vie move boh
war support lvn move pru
wes support tys move tun
PHASE 1917 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet fin
Italy: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
France: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
