PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move hol
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun move boh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move nap
sev move rum
smy move ank
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move rom
vie move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move arm
boh support gal move vie
bot move swe
bud move vie
bul move rum
bur move bel
con move bul/sc
eng move mid
gal move vie
hol hold
ion convoy nap move tun
kie move den
mid move bre
nap move tun
nth convoy yor move bel
rom move nap
rum hold
ser support alb move gre
stp move nwy
yor move bel via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet kie
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Fleet rom
build Army sev
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army tri
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
arm move smy
boh support mun move tyr
bre move eng
bud support tri move vie
bul support rum
bur move bel
con support bul
gre support ser move bul
hol hold
ion move tys
kie support den
mid support nth move eng
mar move spa/sc
mos move ukr
mun move tyr
nap move rom
nth move eng
nwy move swe
rom move tus
rum move bla
ser move bul
sev move arm
smy move aeg
spa move por
stp/nc move nwy
swe move ska
tri move vie
tun move naf
vie move bud
war move gal
yor move lon
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
arm move sev
bla hold
boh support tyr move vie
bre move eng
bud move rum
bul support aeg move gre
con move ank
den hold
eng convoy lon move bre
gal move bud
gre move alb
hol hold
kie support den
lon move bre via convoy
mid support lon move bre
naf hold
nwy move nth
rom move ven
ser support bud move rum
ska support swe move den
smy support con move ank
spa/sc hold
swe move den
tus move gol
tyr move vie
tys move wes
ukr move rum
vie move tri
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: army bre
France: fleet/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bre move gas
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove alb
build Fleet con
build Fleet edi
build Army mun
build Army par
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank hold
bla support sev move rum
boh move tyr
bre hold
bud support bul move ser
bul move ser
con move aeg
den hold
edi move nth
eng support edi move nth
gas support par move bre
gre hold
kie support den
gol support naf move spa
mid support bre
mun support boh move tyr
naf move spa via convoy
nth move den
par move bre
por move spa
rum support tri move bud
ser support rum
sev move rum
ska support nth move den
smy hold
spa/sc move mid
swe support nth move den
tri move bud
ukr support sev move rum
vie hold
wes convoy naf move spa
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
England: army/dislodged bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
France: supply spa
France: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bre move pic
rum disband
spa/sc move mar
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bel move pic
bla hold
bud move tri
bul move ser
den move kie
eng support nth move bel
gas support bre
gre move bul/sc
kie hold
gol move mar
mid support pic move bre
mun move sil
nth move bel
pic move bre
por move spa
rum support bul move ser
ser hold
ska move nwy
smy move con
spa hold
swe move den
tri hold
ukr move gal
ven support tri
wes support spa
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army/dislodged bel
England: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move bur
ser disband
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove gas
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
build Fleet smy
build Army war
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move con
bel move nth
bla move rum
bud support gal move vie
bul/sc move gre
bur move par
con move bul
den move hel
eng move bre
gal move vie
hol move hel
ion move nap
kie hold
gol move mar
mid support eng move bre
mos move lvn
nap move ion
nwy move nth
pic move par
por hold
rum move gal
ser support tri
sil move boh
smy move aeg
spa move por
swe move den
tri hold
tyr move tri
ven hold
vie support tyr move tri
war hold
wes move tun
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: army/dislodged bre
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bre disband
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bel move nth
boh move vie
bre hold
bud support ser move tri
bul move ser
bur move par
con move bul/sc
den move hel
gal move boh
gre support aeg move ion
hol move hel
ion move apu
kie hold
lvn move pru
gol move mar
mid move por
nap support tun move ion
nwy move nth
pic move par
rum hold
ser move alb
spa support mid move por
swe move den
tri hold
tun move ion
tyr support boh move vie
ven hold
vie move tyr
war move sil
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Russia: army/dislodged vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
vie move gal
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
build Fleet edi
build Army lon
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre move ion
alb move tri
apu support aeg move ion
bel support edi move nth
ber hold
boh move tyr
bre move eng
bud support gal move vie
bul/sc hold
den move hel
edi move nth
gal move vie
gre move ion
gol support spa move mar
nap move apu
nwy move nth
pic move par
pru move ber
ser support alb move tri
sil move mun
spa move mar
swe move den
tri hold
tun move ion
tyr move mun
ven support nap move apu
vie support ven move tri
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Turkey: fleet/dislodged apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
France: fleet/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu move adr
mar disband
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg move ion
apu support tun move ion
bel support nth
ber hold
boh move mun
bud move vie
bul/sc hold
den move kie
eng convoy lon move pic
hel move nth
ion move nap
kie support ber
lon move pic via convoy
gol move tys
nth hold
nwy move nrg
par hold
por move mid
pru move ber
rum hold
ser support tri
sil support pru move ber
tri support adr move ven
tun move ion
tyr support tri move vie
ven hold
vie move tyr
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: fleet/dislodged ber
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Turkey: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move bal
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove bal
remove bur
build Army con
build Fleet edi
build Army sev
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/nc
remove tyr
build Army war
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
apu support ion move nap
bel support nth
ber move kie
bud support vie
bul/sc move gre
con move bul
den support ber move kie
edi move nrg
eng support nth
hel move nth
hol move hel
ion move nap
kie support hol move hel
mid move nat
mar move pie
mun support ber move kie
nap move tys
nth support edi move nrg
nrg move edi
par support pic move bur
pic move bur
rum support sev
ser move tri
sev support rum
sil move ber
smy move eas
stp/nc move nwy
tri move ven
tys support ion move nap
ven move adr
vie support bud
war move pru
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Germany: fleet/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Turkey: fleet/dislodged nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
kie move bal
nap move rom
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven move apu
ank move con
apu move nap
bal move kie
bel support hol
ber move kie
bud support vie
bul move ser
bur move ruh
den move swe
eas move ion
edi support nat move nrg
eng move mid
gre support eas move ion
hel support nwy move nth
hol support bal move kie
ion move nap
kie move ruh
mun support kie move ruh
nat move nrg
nap move rom
nth support nat move nrg
nrg move edi
nwy move nth
par move bur
pie move tus
pru move ber
rom support ion move nap
rum support sev
sev support rum
tri move ven
tys support nap move rom
ven move apu
vie support bud
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet/dislodged nrg
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nth move lon
nrg move nwy
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army smy
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr hold
apu support smy move nap
bel move nth
ber move kie
bud hold
bur move bel
con move bul
eas convoy smy move nap
edi support bel move nth
gre support ion
hel support swe move den
hol support kie
ion convoy smy move nap
kie support hol
lon support bel move nth
mun support ber move kie
nth move eng
nrg support bel move nth
nwy hold
par move bur
pru move ber
ruh support ber move kie
rum hold
ser move tri
sev hold
smy move nap via convoy
swe move den
ven move rom
vie move boh
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Germany: fleet/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
kie move bal
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
apu support ven move rom
bal move kie
bel support bur
ber move kie
boh move mun
bud hold
bul move ser
bur support bel
den move swe
eas move ion
edi move nth
eng move wal
gre support eas move ion
hel move nth
hol support bal move kie
ion move tun
kie move den
lon support edi move nth
mid move bre
mun move bur
nap support ven move rom
nth move nwy
nrg support nth move nwy
nwy support hel move nth
ruh support mun move bur
rum hold
sev move mos
tri move ser
ven move rom
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
Russia: fleet/dislodged nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nwy move stp/nc
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove boh
build Fleet lvp
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel support bur
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud support rum
bur support bel
den support ber move kie
hel move nth
hol move hel
kie support hol move hel
mos move lvn
mun support ber move kie
nth support nwy
nrg support nwy
nwy support nth
ruh move bel
rum hold
stp/nc support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
wal move iri
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Germany: fleet/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
kie move bal
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bal move kie
bel support hol
bur move mar
den hold
hel move hol
hol support bal move kie
iri move nat
kie support hel move hol
lon move eng
lvn move stp
lvp move cly
mid move spa/sc
mun move ber
nth support hol
nrg support nwy
ruh move bur
stp/nc move nwy
swe support stp/nc move nwy
tus move pie
tys move gol
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bal
build Fleet edi
build Army lon
remove gol
remove pie
build Army war
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move pic
ber move mun
bud hold
bur move par
cly move lvp
den hold
edi move nth
eng convoy lon move bre
hel move nth
hol hold
kie move hol
lon move bre via convoy
lvn move stp
mar move bur
nat move nrg
nth move ska
nrg support nwy
nwy support edi move nth
rum hold
spa/sc move wes
stp/nc move nwy
swe support stp/nc move nwy
war move sil
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
Russia: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
England: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
nwy move bar
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Russia: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
England: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bar support nrg move nwy
bre move par
bur move bel
den hold
edi support eng move nth
eng move nth
hel support kie move hol
hol move bel
kie move hol
mun move ruh
nat move mid
nrg move nwy
nwy hold
par move gas
pic support bre move par
sil move mun
ska support nrg move nwy
stp support nwy
swe support nwy
wes hold
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
England: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove lvp
build Army mos
build Army sev
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
England: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bar support nth move nwy
bud move ser
bur move gas
den hold
edi move nth
gas move bre
hel move nth
hol support ruh move bel
mid move por
mos move sev
mun move bur
nth move nwy
nrg support nth move nwy
nwy hold
par move bre
pic move bel
ruh move bel
rum hold
sev move arm
ska support nth move nwy
stp support nwy
swe support nwy
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bar
Russia: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
Russia: fleet por
England: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move smy
bar support nrg move nwy
bel move pic
bur support pic move bel
den move swe
edi move nth
gas move spa
hel move nth
hol move bel
mun move tyr
nrg move nwy
nwy move swe
par move gas
pic move bel
por support gas move spa
rum move bul/ec
ser support rum move bul
sev move arm
ska support nwy move swe
spa/sc move por
stp hold
swe move nwy
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
Russia: army/dislodged bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
Russia: fleet por
England: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army spa
England: supply spa
England: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army/dislodged swe
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move ruh
spa/sc move mar
swe move fin
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
England: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Russia: fleet por
Russia: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Russia: army spa
Russia: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army mos
build Army sev
build Army war
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
England: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Russia: fleet por
Russia: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Russia: army spa
Russia: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move ank
bar move nwy
bel support bur
bul/ec move con
bur support bel
den move swe
edi move nth
fin move nwy
gas support mar move spa
hel move nth
hol move bel
mar move spa/sc
mos move lvn
nwy move swe
por move mid
ruh support hol move bel
ser move bud
sev move ukr
ska support swe move den
smy hold
spa move mar
stp support fin move nwy
swe move den
tyr move mun
war move gal
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army/dislodged den
England: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Russia: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Russia: army/dislodged spa
Russia: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
den move kie
spa move por
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Russia: army por
Russia: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Russia: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank hold
bar support swe move nwy
bud move tri
bur support bel
con move aeg
edi move nth
gal move vie
gas move bre
hel move nth
hol move bel
kie move den
lvn move stp
mid support por move spa
mun move bur
nwy move swe
por move spa
ruh support hol move bel
ska support den
smy move con
stp move nwy
swe move nwy
ukr move rum
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bar
Russia: army bel
England: army/dislodged bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: army/dislodged nwy
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Russia: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
Russia: army spa
Russia: supply spa
England: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move pic
nwy move fin
spa/sc move mar
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bar
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
Russia: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
Russia: army spa
Russia: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
