PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move edi
mar move bur
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move ven
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move tyr
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move bla
bot move swe
bul move rum
bur move bel
con move bul
den move swe
edi move nwy via convoy
eng move lon
gal move rum
ion move tun
kie move hol
mid move por
nth convoy edi move nwy
pic move bre
ruh move bel
ser support alb move gre
sev move bla
tri move vie
tyr move vie
ukr support gal move rum
ven move tri
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army edi
build Fleet kie
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army smy
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
bot move stp/sc
bre move pic
bul support con
bur support bre move pic
con support bul
den support kie move bal
edi move nwy via convoy
gre support rum move bul
hol support ruh move bel
kie move bal
lon hold
mun hold
nap support tun move ion
nth convoy edi move nwy
nwy move swe
par support bur
por move spa/sc
ruh move bel
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sev move bla
smy move arm
tri support vie
tun move ion
tyr hold
ukr move rum
ven support tyr
vie support tri
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: army swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank support con
arm move sev
bal move bot
bel hold
bud support tri
bul move con
bur support tyr move mun
den hold
hol support bel
ion move adr
lon move eng
mun hold
nap move ion
nth hold
nwy move stp
par support bur
pic move bel
rum move sev
ser move alb
sev move bla
swe hold
tri move tyr
tyr move mun
ven hold
vie move boh
war move mos
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: army swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mun move ber
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army lon
build Army rom
build Army war
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
alb support tyr move tri
ank support con
arm move sev
bel move bur
ber move mun
bla support bul move con
boh support ber move mun
bot support nwy move stp
bre support pic
bud support tyr move tri
bul move con
bur move ruh
con support ank
den move kie
eng support pic move bel
gre move aeg
hol move bel
ion move aeg
mos support stp/sc
mun hold
nth move den
nwy move stp
par move bur
pic support par move bur
rom move ven
rum move sev
spa/sc move mid
swe support nth move den
tyr move tri
ven move pie
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Italy: army/dislodged mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mun move tyr
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tyr move tri
alb support tri
ank support con
arm move sev
bel move bur
bla convoy rum move con
boh move vie
bot move bal
bre move eng
bud support tri
bul move con
bur support ruh move bel
con hold
den hold
eng move bel
gre move ion
hol move ruh
ion move alb
kie hold
lon move bre via convoy
mid support bre move eng
mos support stp/sc
mun hold
nwy move stp
pic support ruh move bel
pie move tyr
ruh move bel
rum move con via convoy
tri support alb
tyr move tri
ven support tyr move tri
war move lvn
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
Germany: army/dislodged bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: fleet/dislodged eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move hol
eng move nth
tri move ser
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove alb
remove bal
build Fleet bre
remove lvn
build Fleet lvp
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
ank support con
bel move ruh
bla convoy bul move arm
bre move mid
bud move tri
bul move arm via convoy
bur support bel move ruh
con hold
eng support pic move bel
gre move aeg
hol support lon move bel
ion hold
kie hold
lon move bel
lvp move wal
mid move nat
mos support rum move sev
mun support ruh move bur
nth support lon move bel
pic move bel
ruh move bur
rum move sev
ser support bud move tri
sev hold
smy support con
swe move fin
tri hold
tyr support tri
ven support tri
vie support bud move tri
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: army/dislodged sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bur move gas
sev move ukr
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move alb
aeg move gre
ank support con
arm move sev
bel move hol
bla move bul/ec
bud support vie
bur move bel
con move bul
den move kie
eng support ruh move bel
fin support nwy move stp
gas move par
hol hold
ion move gre
kie support hol
lon hold
mid support eng
mos support stp/sc
mun move ruh
nat move iri
nth support bel move hol
nwy move stp
ruh move bel
ser support aeg move gre
sev move rum
smy support con
tri support tyr
tyr support tri
ukr move mos
ven support tri
vie support bud
wal support lon
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet/dislodged stp/sc
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
stp/sc move bot
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Army mar
remove ukr
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb support ion move gre
ank support smy move con
bel support hol
bla support sev move arm
bot support mos move stp
bud support vie
bur move bel
con move bul
den support fin move swe
edi move nwy via convoy
eng support bel
fin move swe
hol support den move kie
ion move gre
iri support eng
kie move hol
mid move gas
mar move bur
mos move stp
nth convoy edi move nwy
par support mar move bur
ruh support bur move bel
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev move arm
smy move con
tri support alb
tyr move boh
ven move tyr
vie support bud
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Germany: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: fleet gas
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: fleet/dislodged gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
England: army/dislodged stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bur move pic
gre move aeg
stp move fin
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army fin
France: fleet gas
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb support gre
ank support con
arm support rum move ank
bel support hol
bla convoy rum move ank
boh move vie
bot support stp
bud move ser
bur support par move pic
con support ank
den move kie
eng support bel
fin move stp
gas move bre
gre hold
hol support den move kie
iri move lvp
kie move hol
lon hold
nth hold
nwy support fin move stp
par move pic
pic move bel
ruh support kie move hol
rum move ank via convoy
smy support con
stp hold
swe hold
tri move ser
tyr support boh move vie
vie hold
wal move lvp
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
vie move gal
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove bul
build Fleet nap
build Army ven
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move ion
ank support con
arm move bul via convoy
bel move hol
ber support hol move kie
bla convoy arm move bul
bot support stp
bre move mid
bud move gal
bur move mun
con support ank
eng support pic move bel
fin move stp
gal move war
gre support alb move ion
hol move kie
ion move tun
iri support eng
kie support bel move hol
lon hold
nap move tys
nth support bel move hol
nwy support fin move stp
pic move bel
ruh move mun
rum support arm move bul
smy support con
stp hold
swe support nwy
tri move bud
tyr move boh
ven move tri
vie support tri move bud
wal move lvp
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
England: fleet/dislodged kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
kie move den
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
bel support hol
ber move mun
boh move mun
bud support tri move ser
bur support boh move mun
con support smy
den move kie
eng move lon
fin move stp
gal move war
gre move bul/sc
hol support den move kie
ion support tys move tun
iri move lvp
kie support ruh move hol
lon hold
lvp move wal
mid move nat
nth hold
nwy support fin move stp
ruh move hol
rum move bud
smy support con
swe move den
tri move ser
tun move wes
tys move tun
war move mos
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: army/dislodged stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove kie
build Fleet mar
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army rom
remove swe
build Army ven
remove wes
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bel move wal
ber support ruh move mun
bud move rum
bur move bel
con move bul
den move kie
eng convoy bel move wal
gre support ion move aeg
hol support bur move bel
ion move aeg
lon move bel
lvp support bel move wal
mar move spa/sc
mos support arm move sev
mun move ruh
nat move cly
nap move ion
nth support lon move bel
nwy move swe
par move bur
rom move ven
ruh move mun
ser support bud move rum
smy move aeg
stp hold
tun hold
ven move tri
vie move gal
wal move lon
war move ukr
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Italy: army/dislodged mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
France: army wal
England: fleet/dislodged wal
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
mun move sil
wal move iri
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
France: army wal
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
bel support hol
ber move kie
bul hold
bur move mun
cly move edi
eng support wal move lon
gal move war
gre support ser move bul
hol support bel
ion move eas
iri move mid
kie hold
lon hold
lvp move iri
mos support sev
mun support ber move kie
nth move edi
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev hold
sil support bur move mun
smy move con
spa/sc move mid
tri move bud
ukr move rum
ven move tri
wal move lon
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
England: army/dislodged lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
lon move yor
mun move ruh
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet con
build Fleet mar
build Army par
build Army rom
remove ruh
remove ukr
build Army ven
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move eas
ank move con
bel move wal
ber move kie
bud move vie
bul move con
cly move nrg
con move aeg
eas move syr
eng convoy bel move wal
gre move aeg
hol move kie
iri move mid
kie move ber
lon move yor
mar move spa/sc
mos move ukr
mun support hol move kie
nth move eng
par move bur
rum move sev
sev move rum
sil move gal
smy support con move aeg
spa/sc move mid
stp move mos
war hold
yor move edi
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
England: fleet/dislodged kie
England: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army wal
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
kie move den
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
England: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army wal
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
ber move kie
bul move con
bur move bel
den move swe
eas move smy
eng move lon
gal move ukr
gre move aeg
iri move mid
kie support mun move ber
mos hold
mun move ber
nth move hol
nrg support yor move edi
rum move sev
spa/sc move mid
swe move nwy
syr support eas move smy
tun move ion
ukr move war
vie move gal
wal support lvp
war support gal move ukr
yor move edi
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: army/dislodged ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
France: army edi
England: army/dislodged edi
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
England: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
France: army wal
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
ber move sil
edi move cly
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
England: army cly
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
France: army wal
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
remove aeg
build Fleet bre
build Army nap
build Army par
remove sil
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
England: army cly
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
France: army wal
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
bel move hol
ber move pru
bre move mid
cly move lvp
edi move cly
gal move war
gre move bul/sc
hol move kie
iri support cly move lvp
kie support bel move hol
lon move nth
lvp support edi move cly
nrg move bar
nwy hold
par move bur
sev move rum
smy move aeg
swe move den
syr move eas
ukr support war move mos
wal support lvp
war move mos
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
France: army cly
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
England: fleet/dislodged hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
England: army/dislodged mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
France: army wal
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
hol move hel
mos move stp
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
France: army cly
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
France: army wal
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
aeg convoy nap move smy
ank move con
bar move stp/nc
cly move edi
con support nap move smy
den move kie
eas support nap move smy
hel support den move kie
hol support kie
ion convoy nap move smy
iri move mid
kie support nth move den
lvp move wal
mar move gol
mos support ukr move sev
nap move smy via convoy
nth move den
pru move lvn
rom move tus
rum support ukr move sev
sev move bla
spa/sc move wes
stp move mos
tri move vie
ukr move sev
ven move tri
wal move lon
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
France: fleet den
England: fleet/dislodged den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
den move swe
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove ank
remove hel
remove iri
build Fleet mar
build Fleet nap
remove nwy
build Army par
build Fleet rom
remove stp
remove swe
build Army ven
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bar support lvn move stp
bla move ank
bur move mun
con move ank
den move swe
edi move yor
hol move kie
ion move tun
kie move ber
lvn move stp
gol support mar move pie
mid move naf
mar move pie
mos hold
nap support rom move tys
nwy move fin
par move bur
rom move tys
smy support con move ank
stp move lvn
swe move bal
tri move tyr
tus move pie
ven support tus move pie
vie move boh
wal move eng
war move lvn
wes move tun
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
France: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army fin
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Italy: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: army stp
England: army/dislodged stp
England: supply stp
France: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
stp disband
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
France: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army fin
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Italy: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: army stp
England: supply stp
France: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
aeg hold
bal convoy kie move lvn
bar support stp
ber move sil
bla move con
boh move sil
bur support mun
eas move ion
eng convoy lon move bel
fin hold
ion move tun
kie move lvn
lon move bel
lvn support mos move stp
gol move tys
mar move pie
mos move stp
mun support ber move sil
naf move tun
nap move rom
smy move con
tus move pie
tyr move mun
tys support ion move tun
ven support tus move pie
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
France: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army fin
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Italy: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: army stp
France: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
remove bal
build Fleet bre
remove fin
build Army par
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
France: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
France: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army fin
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Italy: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: army stp
France: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
aeg convoy smy move gre
ank move con
bar support stp
bel move ruh
ber move pru
boh move sil
bre move mid
bul/sc hold
bur support mun
eas move ion
eng move nth
fin support mos move stp
ion move tun
kie move ber
lvn support mos move stp
gol move tys
mar move pie
mos move stp
mun hold
par move gas
pie move mar
rom support tys
rum move gal
sev move mos
smy move gre via convoy
stp hold
tun support gol move tys
tyr move boh
tys support ion move tun
ven move tyr
wes support tun
yor move lon
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
France: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: supply edi
England: army fin
Italy: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Italy: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: army stp
France: army/dislodged stp
France: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
stp move nwy
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
France: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: supply edi
England: army fin
Italy: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Italy: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: army stp
France: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bar move stp/nc
ber support bur move mun
boh support sil
bul/sc move aeg
bur move mun
con move bul
fin move nwy
gal move war
gas move bur
gre move ser
ion support tys
lvn support gal move war
gol support mar move pie
mid move naf
mar move pie
mos support stp
mun move tyr
nth support nwy
nwy support swe move fin
pie hold
pru move war
rom support tys
ruh support bur move mun
sil support boh
stp hold
swe move fin
tun hold
tyr support pie
tys hold
wes support tun
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
France: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: supply edi
France: fleet fin
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Italy: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army/dislodged pie
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: army stp
France: supply stp
France: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
pie move tus
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
France: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: supply edi
France: fleet fin
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Italy: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: army stp
Italy: supply stp
France: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet mar
build Army ven
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
France: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: supply edi
France: fleet fin
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Italy: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: army stp
Italy: supply stp
France: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bar support nwy move stp
ber support bur move mun
boh support sil
bul move ser
bur move mun
fin support nwy move stp
gre move alb
ion support tys
lon move den
lvn support war move pru
gol move tys
mar support pie
mos support stp
mun move tyr
naf support tun
nth convoy lon move den
nwy move stp
pru move lvn
rom support tys
ruh support bur move mun
ser move tri
sil support war move pru
stp hold
tun support gol move tys
tus hold
tyr move mun
tys hold
ven support tus
war move pru
wes support gol move tys
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Italy: supply ank
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: supply edi
France: fleet fin
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Italy: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: army stp
Italy: supply stp
France: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move adr
bar support stp
ber move sil
boh support tyr move mun
bur support mun
den move kie
fin move bot
ion support tys
lvn support mos move stp
gol support pie move tus
mar move pie
mos move stp
mun support ber move sil
naf support tun
nth move den
pie move tus
pru move ber
rom support tys
ruh support mun
ser move bud
sil support pru move ber
stp hold
tri move vie
tun support wes move tys
tus hold
tyr move mun
tys hold
ven support tus
wes move tys
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: supply ank
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: supply edi
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Italy: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: army stp
France: supply stp
France: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Italy: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army nap
build Army par
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: supply ank
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: supply edi
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Italy: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: army stp
France: supply stp
France: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Italy: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bar support stp
ber support boh move mun
boh move mun
bot support stp
bre move eng
bud move gal
bur support mun
den move bal
ion support tys
kie support mun
lvn support mos
gol move tus
mar support pie
mos support lvn
mun hold
naf support tun
nap move apu
par move pic
pie support gol move tus
rom support tys
ruh support mun
sil support boh move mun
stp hold
tun hold
tus hold
tyr support boh move mun
tys hold
ven support tus
vie move boh
wes support tun
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
France: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Italy: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: army stp
France: supply stp
France: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Italy: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr convoy apu move tri
apu move tri via convoy
bal move ber
bar support stp
ber hold
boh move mun
bot support stp
bur support mun
eng move nth
gal move war
ion support tys
kie support mun
lvn support mos
gol support pie
mar support pie
mos support lvn
mun support bal move ber
naf support tun
pic move bel
pie hold
rom support tys
ruh support mun
sil support ber
stp hold
tun hold
tus hold
tyr support boh move mun
tys hold
ven support tus
vie move gal
wes support tun
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
France: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Italy: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Italy: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: army stp
France: supply stp
France: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support kie move ber
bar support stp
bel move den
ber support boh move mun
boh move mun
bot hold
bur support mun
gal move boh
gas move spa
ion move tun
kie move ber
lvn support war move pru
gol support pie
mar support pie
mos support lvn
mun support kie move ber
naf support tun
nth convoy bel move den
pie hold
rom support tys
ruh support mun
sil support boh move mun
stp hold
tri move vie
tun hold
tus support ven move pie
tyr support boh move mun
tys support ion move tun
ven move pie
war move pru
wes support tun
PHASE 1914 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Italy: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
France: army stp
France: supply stp
France: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Italy: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support ber
bar support stp
ber support mun
boh move mun
bot move lvn
bur support mun
den move kie
gal move war
ion move tun
lvn hold
gol move tus
mar support pie
mos support lvn
mun support ber
naf support tun
pie support gol move tus
pru move ber
rom support tys
ruh support mun
sil support pru move ber
spa hold
stp support bot move lvn
tun hold
tus hold
tyr support boh move mun
tys support ion move tun
ven support tus
wes support tun
PHASE 1914 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
France: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Italy: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
France: army stp
France: supply stp
France: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
