PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move mun
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move sev
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move tus
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move pie
vie move bud
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
bla move rum
bot move swe
bud move ser
bul move gre
con move bul
ion move tun
mid move por
mun move bur
nth convoy yor move nwy
nrg support nth
pic move bel
pie hold
ruh move hol
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev hold
spa move mar
tus hold
ukr support sev
yor move nwy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army bre
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
build Army mun
build Army par
build Fleet rom
build Fleet stp/nc
build Fleet tri
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move con
bel support nth move hol
bla move con
bre move pic
bud move tri
bul move ser
bur move bel
con move bul
den support kie move hel
hol support bur move bel
kie move hel
lon move nth
mar support par move bur
mun move tyr
nth move hol
nrg support lon move nth
par move bur
pie move mar
por move spa/sc
rom move tys
rum hold
ser support alb move gre
sev move arm
stp/nc move nwy
swe support stp/nc move nwy
tri move alb
tun move wes
tus move ven
ukr support rum
war move sil
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army/dislodged nwy
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
nwy move fin
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank hold
arm move sev
bel move ruh
bla move sev
bul move ser
bur move mun
con move smy
den hold
fin move stp
gre move aeg
hel move hol
hol move bel
lon support nth
mar move pie
nth support nrg move nwy
nrg move nwy
nwy move stp/nc
par move bur
pic support par move bur
pie support ven move tyr
rum hold
ser move tri
sil move ber
spa/sc hold
swe move fin
tri move vie
tyr move boh
tys move gol
ukr support rum
ven move tyr
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
Russia: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
nwy move ska
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bre
build Army con
build Army par
build Army stp
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support gre move bul/ec
ank hold
arm move ank
bel move ruh
ber move kie
bla move rum
boh move sil
bur move mun
con move bul
den support hol move kie
fin move nwy
gre move bul/sc
hol move kie
lon support nwy move nth
gol move wes
mar move pie
mun support bel move ruh
nth move hel
nwy move nth
pic move bel
pie hold
ruh support bur move mun
rum move bul/ec
ser move bud
ska move nwy
smy hold
stp move fin
swe support stp move fin
tri support vie move bud
tyr move ven
ukr move sev
vie move bud
wes move mid
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support gre move bul/ec
ank hold
arm move smy
bel move bur
ber hold
bla move con
bud move ser
bur support ruh move mun
con move bul
den move nth
fin support ska move nwy
gre move bul/sc
hel move den
kie support mun move ber
lon support nth
mid move por
mar move pie
mun move ber
nth support hel move den
pic move bel
pie move mar
ruh move mun
rum hold
ser move gre
sev support rum
sil move war
ska move nwy
smy hold
spa/sc move gol
swe support ska move nwy
tri support bud move ser
ven hold
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Russia: army/dislodged ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ber move pru
den move bal
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove arm
remove bur
build Fleet edi
build Fleet nap
build Fleet rom
build Army vie
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support ser move bul
ank move con
bal move bot
bel move bur
ber move mun
bla move rum
con move bul
den hold
edi move nrg
fin support swe
gre support ser move bul
kie move ber
lon support nth
gol support mar move pie
mar move pie
mun move tyr
nap move tys
nth support den
nwy move nth
pic move bel
pie support spa/sc move mar
por move mid
pru move war
rom move tus
rum support sev move bul
ser move bul
sev move bul
spa/sc move mar
swe hold
tri move tyr
ven support pie
vie move boh
war move mos
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: army/dislodged mar
Italy: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
mar move gas
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move eas
ank move arm
bel move hol
ber move mun
bla move rum
boh support tri move tyr
bot move stp/sc
bul support gre
bur support ber move mun
con move bul
fin move stp
gas move mar
gre move aeg
kie move hol
lon move nth
gol move spa/sc
mid move spa/nc
mar support mid move spa/nc
mos support bot move stp/sc
mun move tyr
nth move nwy
nrg support nth move nwy
nwy support swe
pie support mar
rum hold
sev move mos
smy hold
swe support nwy
tri move tyr
tus move gol
tys support tus move gol
ven support tri move tyr
war support sev move mos
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet/dislodged gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Germany: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gol move wes
mos move ukr
mun move sil
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army rom
build Army sev
remove sil
remove smy
remove ukr
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support eas move smy
arm move sev
bel move hol
bla support con move bul
boh support tyr
bot move bal
bud move gal
bul move con
bur support mun
con move bul
eas move smy
fin support nwy
gas move spa
kie move hol
lon move nth
gol support mar move spa/sc
mid move bre
mar move spa/sc
mos move stp
nth move hel
nrg support nth
nwy support swe
pie move mar
rom move tus
rum support sev
sev support rum
swe support nwy
tyr support boh
tys move tun
ven move pie
war move sil
wes move tun
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: army/dislodged bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bul move ser
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move con
arm move smy
bal move ber
bel move hol
bla move rum
boh move mun
bul hold
bur support mun
den support hel move kie
fin support swe
gal move boh
gas move spa
hel move kie
kie support bal move ber
gol move spa/sc
mar move gas
nth support nrg move nwy
nrg move nwy
nwy support swe
rum support sev
ser move gre
sev support rum
sil support boh move mun
smy support aeg move con
spa/sc move mid
stp support nwy
swe support nwy
tus move ven
tyr support boh move mun
tys move tun
wes move tys
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet kie
Germany: fleet/dislodged kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
kie move bal
mun move ruh
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove arm
remove bal
build Army bud
remove bur
build Fleet lon
build Army nap
remove ruh
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber hold
bla support bul move con
boh move sil
bre move pic
bud move ser
bul move con
con hold
den support kie
fin support nwy
gas move spa
gre hold
hol move ruh
kie support den
lon move nth
gol move spa/sc
mid move eng
mar move bur
mun support sil move ber
nap hold
nth move ska
nwy hold
pie move mar
rum hold
sev support rum
sil move ber
smy support con
stp support nwy
swe support nwy
tri move alb
tun move tys
tyr hold
ven move rom
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: fleet/dislodged ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move bal
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move ion
bal move swe
ber support mun move kie
bla move con
bul move con
bur move par
con move ank
eng move lon
fin support nwy
gas move bre
gre move bul
kie move hol
gol move spa/sc
mar move bur
mun move kie
nth support ska move nwy
nrg support ska move nwy
nwy hold
pic move bel
ruh move bel
rum hold
ser support gre move bul
sev support rum
sil move mun
ska move nwy
smy move con
stp support nwy
swe support nwy
tyr support sil move mun
tys move gol
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bal
remove bla
remove nrg
remove ruh
build Fleet tri
build Army ven
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber hold
bre hold
bul support ank move con
bur move mar
con move bul
den move kie
fin move swe
hol support den move kie
ion move tys
kie support swe move den
lon move wal
mun move ruh
nap hold
nth move yor
nwy move ska
par move bre
pic support par move bre
rom support ven
rum hold
ser move tri
sev support rum
ska move nth
smy move aeg
spa/sc hold
stp move nwy
swe move den
tri move adr
tun hold
tyr move mun
ven hold
vie move tyr
war move sil
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: army bre
France: army/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army/dislodged con
Austria: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
Austria: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Italy: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
bre move gas
con move smy
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
Austria: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Italy: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
aeg move ion
ber move kie
bre hold
bul move con
con move ank
den support ber move kie
gas move mar
hol support kie
kie support hol
gol support gas move mar
mar support spa/sc
mun support ruh move kie
nap move apu
nth support yor move lon
nwy support swe
pic move bel
rom support ven
ruh move kie
rum move bla
sev move rum
sil move mun
ska move nth
smy hold
spa/sc support mar
swe support nwy
tri move ven
tun move ion
tyr support tri move ven
tys move nap
ven support rom
wal move lvp
yor move lon
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Italy: fleet bel
Italy: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ven move tus
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Italy: fleet bel
Italy: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove gas
remove gol
build Fleet tri
build Army war
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Italy: fleet bel
Italy: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg support con move smy
ber move kie
bla support rum
bud hold
con move smy
den support ber move kie
hol move nth
kie move hol
lon move eng
mun support ruh move bur
nap move rom
nth move edi
nwy move fin
ruh move bur
rum hold
sil move boh
ska move nwy
smy move ank
swe support ska move nwy
tri move adr
tyr move pie
ven move tus
war move gal
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Italy: fleet bel
Italy: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Turkey: army/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
smy move arm
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Italy: fleet bel
Italy: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move con
ank support aeg move con
arm move sev
bla move bul/ec
boh move vie
bud move rum
bur move par
den support kie
edi move nth
eng move mid
fin move nwy
gal support boh move vie
ion move gre
kie hold
mun move ber
nap move tys
nth move lon
nwy move nrg
pie move tyr
rum move ser
smy support aeg move con
swe support fin move nwy
ven move tri
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Italy: fleet bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army mos
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Italy: fleet bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
apu support rom move nap
bel move hol
ber move mun
bul/ec move rum
bud move gal
con move aeg
den move kie
gal move bud
ion support tys move tun
kie move hol
lon move wal
mar move spa
mos move sev
nrg convoy nwy move cly
nwy move cly
par move bre
rom move nap
rum support tri move ser
ser support gal move bud
sev move ukr
smy move con
spa/sc move por
swe move nwy
tri move ser
tun move ion
tus move ven
tyr move vie
tys move tun
vie support gal move bud
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Italy: fleet bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Russia: army cly
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Italy: fleet/dislodged tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Italy: fleet bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Russia: army cly
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
apu support ven move nap
bel move hol
bla support con move bul
bul/ec move rum
bud move vie
cly move edi
con move bul
den move nth
gal move bud
gre move alb
ion move apu
kie move ber
mun move ber
nap hold
nth move edi
nrg support cly move edi
nwy hold
par move bre
por support spa
rum support con move bul
ser support bul/ec move rum
sev hold
spa support por
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
ukr move mos
ven hold
vie support gal move bud
wal move lvp
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Italy: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Italy: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
rum move gal
ven move tus
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Italy: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Italy: fleet hol
Italy: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet rom
build Army stp
build Army war
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Italy: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Italy: fleet hol
Italy: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support ion
alb move tri
apu move ven
bla support bul move rum
bre move par
bud support ser move tri
bul move rum
den hold
edi move yor
gal support tri move bud
hol move bel
ion support tun move tys
kie move mun
mos move sev
mun move ber
nap move rom
nrg move nth
por move mid
rom move tys
rum move bla
ser move tri
sev hold
spa move gas
stp move mos
tri move bud
tun move tys
tus support apu move ven
ven move rom
vie support ser move tri
war support stp move mos
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
Italy: fleet bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Russia: army/dislodged bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Italy: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Turkey: army/dislodged mos
Turkey: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Austria: army/dislodged ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
bud move ser
mos move lvn
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
Italy: fleet bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Italy: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
bel move eng
bre support gas move par
den move kie
gas move par
lvn move stp
lvp move cly
mid move wes
mos support sev
mun hold
nap hold
nth hold
nrg move edi
nwy move stp
rom move tys
ser support vie move bud
sev hold
tri support vie move bud
tus move pie
ven hold
vie move bud
war move gal
yor move lon
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Italy: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: army lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Austria: army/dislodged par
Austria: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Italy: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: army lon
Russia: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove cly
remove lvn
build Army stp
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Italy: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: army lon
Russia: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bre move pic
bud support ser move rum
eng move lon
kie support mun move ber
mos move sev
mun move ber
nth move nrg
par move bur
pie move tyr
rom move tys
ser move rum
sev move arm
stp move lvn
ven support pie move tyr
war move gal
wes move tun
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Italy: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Austria: army/dislodged ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Italy: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Italy: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: army lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
