PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
bud move rum
con move bul
edi move nrg
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mos move ukr
nap move ion
rom move ven
sev move rum
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move tri
vie move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
bot move swe
bud support tri move ser
bul hold
edi move bel via convoy
ion move tun
nth convoy edi move bel
nrg move nwy
sev move rum
tri move ser
ukr move sev
ven move apu
vie move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army con
build Fleet edi
build Fleet lon
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
build Fleet rom
build Fleet smy
build Army tri
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu hold
bel move pic
bla support sev
bud move rum
bul move rum
con move bul
edi move nth
gre move aeg
lon move eng
mos support ukr move sev
nap move ion
nth move hol
nwy move ska
rom move tys
ser support bud move rum
sev hold
smy move aeg
tri move bud
tun move wes
ukr move sev
vie move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu hold
bla support sev
bud support rum
bul move gre
con move bul
eng support pic move bre
gre move aeg
ion move eas
mos move sev
nth move den
pic move bre
rum support vie move gal
ser support rum
sev hold
ska move swe
smy move aeg
tys move ion
ukr move rum
vie move gal
war move gal
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
France: fleet/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
build Army lon
build Army lvp
build Fleet nap
build Army tri
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu move smy via convoy
bla hold
bud support rum
bul support bla move rum
con support bul
den support hol move kie
eas convoy apu move smy
edi move nth
eng convoy lon move pic
gre support ser move bul
hol move kie
ion convoy apu move smy
lon move pic via convoy
lvp move wal
mos support ukr move sev
nap move tys
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
ska move nwy
smy hold
spa/sc move mid
tri move tyr
ukr move sev
vie move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
Germany: fleet/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: army/dislodged sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu move syr via convoy
bla move bul/ec
bre move par
bud support vie move gal
bul support rum
con support bla move bul
den move nth
eas convoy apu move syr
eng move bre
gre support bul
ion convoy apu move syr
kie hold
mid move por
mos move ukr
nth move eng
nwy hold
pic support bre move par
rum support vie move gal
smy hold
tyr move boh
tys move wes
vie move gal
wal move lon
war move gal
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
France: army/dislodged par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Fleet lvp
build Army mos
build Fleet rom
build Army ven
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bla support con
boh move sil
bud support rum
bul move con
con support smy
eas support syr move smy
gal support boh move sil
gre move aeg
ion move tun
mos move sev
por support wes move mid
rom move tys
rum support gal
sev move arm
smy support con
syr move smy
ukr move gal
ven move pie
war support ukr move gal
wes move mid
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
arm move ank
bla support con move bul
bre move mid
bud move rum
bul support aeg move con
con move bul
eas move ion
edi move nwy via convoy
eng convoy lon move bel
gal move war
kie move den
lon move bel via convoy
lvp move iri
mid support por
mar move spa
nth convoy edi move nwy
nwy move stp/nc
par move gas
pic move bur
por support mid
rum move ukr
sil support gal move war
smy support aeg move con
tun move naf
tys move wes
ukr move gal
war support ukr move gal
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Italy: army/dislodged bul
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bul move ser
war move mos
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bla
build Army bud
build Army edi
remove gal
build Army mar
remove naf
build Army vie
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move con
bel move ruh
bre hold
bud move rum
bul hold
bur support gas move mar
con move ank
den move swe
edi move den via convoy
eng hold
gas move mar
ion move tun
iri move nat
mar support spa move gas
mos move stp
nth convoy edi move den
nwy support den move swe
pie support mar
por support mid
rum move sev
ser move bul
sev hold
sil hold
smy support con move ank
spa move gas
ukr move mos
vie move boh
war support ukr move mos
wes support mid
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army/dislodged ank
Austria: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
England: army/dislodged gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
gas move par
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank hold
boh move mun
bre move mid
bud move rum
bul move gre
bur support par move gas
den move kie
eng move iri
gas move bre
mid support gas move bre
mar move bur
mos support rum move sev
nat support eng move iri
nth move eng
nwy move swe
par move gas
pie support mar
por support mid
ruh support mun
rum move sev
ser move gre
sev move mos
sil support boh move mun
smy move con
swe move bal
tun move naf
war move pru
wes support mid
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
England: fleet/dislodged bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Italy: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bre move pic
sev move ukr
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet nap
build Army tri
remove ukr
build Army vie
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move con
bal support ber
boh support mun
bre move spa via convoy
bul hold
bur move mun
con move bul
eng support pic move bre
gas move mar
iri move mid
kie support bur move mun
mid convoy bre move spa
mar support bre move spa
mos move lvn
naf support mid
nat support iri move mid
nap move tys
pic move bre
pie support mar
por support eng move spa
pru support mos move lvn
ruh support bur move mun
rum hold
ser support con move bul
sev move mos
sil support mun
swe move fin
tri move tyr
vie move gal
wes support mid
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bul move gre
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support ber
boh support tyr move mun
bre support nat move mid
bul move gre
bur support gas
con move aeg
eng support nat move mid
fin support stp/nc
gal move war
gas support bur
gre hold
iri support nat move mid
kie support mun
lvn move stp
mid support spa move gas
mar move bur
mos support lvn move stp
naf support mid
nat move mid
pie support mar
por support mid
pru support ber
ruh support mun
rum move ukr
ser support bul move gre
sil support tyr move mun
spa move gas
tyr move mun
wes support mid
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
England: army gas
Italy: army gre
Turkey: army/dislodged gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
gre disband
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
England: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove aeg
build Army lon
build Fleet nap
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
England: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support kie move ber
boh support tyr move mun
bre support gas
bur support gas
eng convoy lon move pic
fin support stp/nc
gas support spa
gre hold
iri support nat move mid
kie move ber
lon move pic via convoy
lvn hold
mid support spa
mar support spa
mos hold
naf support mid
nat move mid
nap move ion
pie support mar
por support mid
pru hold
ruh hold
ser move bul
sil support tyr move mun
spa support mar
stp/nc hold
tyr move mun
tys hold
ukr hold
war hold
wes support mid
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
England: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
England: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support ber
boh hold
bre support gas
bul move ser
bur support gas
fin support stp/nc
gas support spa
ion hold
lvn hold
mid support gas
mar support spa
mos hold
mun hold
naf support mid
pic move bel
pie support mar
por support mid
pru hold
ruh move kie
sil hold
spa support mar
tys hold
ukr hold
war hold
wes support mid
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
England: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
