PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun move tyr
nap move tys
par move pic
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move fin
tri move alb
vie move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank hold
bla move bul/ec
bud move rum
bul move gre
con move bul
edi move nwy
fin move swe
gal support bud move rum
hol hold
kie move den
mid move spa/sc
nth support edi move nwy
nrg convoy edi move nwy
pic move bel
ser support bla move bul/sc
spa move por
stp move fin
tyr move pie
tys move tun
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bre
build Army bud
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
build Army mar
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/nc
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
bla support ser move bul
bud move tri
bul move gre
con move bul
den move kie
fin support stp/nc move nwy
gal move vie
hol move nth
kie move hel
lon move nth
mar support par move bur
mun move bur
nap move ion
nth move ska
nrg support nwy
nwy move stp
par move bur
pie move mar
por move spa
rom move nap
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
smy move aeg
spa/sc move gol
stp/nc move nwy
swe support stp/nc move nwy
tri move alb
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
alb support bul move gre
bel support par move bur
bla support rum move bul
bre move par
bud move tri
bul move gre
con move bul
fin support nwy
hel move nth
hol support hel move nth
ion convoy nap move gre
kie move den
lon move nth
gol support mar move pie
mar move pie
nap move gre
nrg support lon move nth
nwy support swe move ska
par move bur
rum move bul
ska move den
spa move mar
swe move ska
tri move adr
tun move tys
vie move tyr
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
Germany: army/dislodged pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
pie move tus
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
build Army sev
build Army vie
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support alb move ion
alb move ion
bel support bur move ruh
bla support rum move bul
bur move ruh
edi move nrg
fin support nwy
gre support rum move bul
hel support ska move nth
hol move bel
kie move ruh
lon move nth
gol support pie move tus
mar move pie
mun support kie move ruh
nrg move bar
nwy support ska move nth
par move bur
pie move tus
rum move bul
sev move arm
ska move nth
tri support tyr move ven
tus move rom
tyr move ven
vie move tyr
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move apu
aeg support con move bul
arm move ank
bar move stp/nc
bel move ruh
bla support arm move ank
bul move con
bur move mun
con move bul
fin move stp
gre support bul
hel move hol
hol move bel
ion move tun
gol move tys
mun support ruh
nth move edi
nrg move edi
nwy move nrg
par move bur
pie support tri move ven
rom hold
ruh support hol move bel
tri move vie
tus move rom
tyr support ven
ven support rom
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bar
France: army/dislodged bel
Germany: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bul move ser
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bar
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army bud
build Army kie
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bar
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu move nap
bel move eng
ber move mun
bud move rum
bur support par
gre move bul
hol move bel
kie move hol
lon move nth
gol move wes
mun move bur
nrg support lon move nth
par support bur
pie support tus move ven
rom support apu move nap
ruh support mun move bur
ser support gre move bul
tus move ven
tyr support ven
vie move tri
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet/dislodged nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bul move con
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
ank move smy
bar move stp/nc
bel move nth
ber move kie
bla move con
bul support bla move con
bur move par
con move bul
eng move lon
fin move stp
hol move bel
mun move bur
nth support nrg move nwy
nrg move nwy
nwy move nrg
par move bre
pie move mar
rom move tus
ruh support mun move bur
rum support bul
ser move gre
tri move ven
tus move pie
tyr support ven move pie
ven move pie
wes move tun
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army/dislodged con
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Russia: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
con move ank
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Russia: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove aeg
build Army bud
build Army mun
remove nth
build Army sev
build Fleet stp/nc
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Russia: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move smy
bar move nwy
bel move eng
bre move gas
bur move gas
con move ank
fin support nwy
hol move bel
kie move hol
lon move wal
mar support tus move pie
mun move bur
nap move tys
nrg support bar move nwy
nwy support stp/nc move bar
par move bur
pie move mar
rom move tus
ruh support mun move bur
sev move arm
smy support con move ank
stp/nc move bar
tri move adr
tun support nap move tys
tus move pie
tyr support pie
ven support rom move tus
war move lvn
wes move gol
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
arm move sev
bar move nrg
bel move pic
bud move vie
bul move ser
bur move gas
eng move bre
fin move nwy
gre move alb
hol move bel
mun move bur
nrg move nth
nwy move nth
ruh support mun move bur
rum move bud
tun move wes
tus support ven move pie
tyr support ven move pie
tys support tun move wes
ven move pie
vie move tri
wal move lvp
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet kie
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move bla
bar move nrg
bel support ruh move bur
bre support par
bur move par
eng support gas move bre
fin move stp
gas move bre
ion move tys
kie move hol
lvn move war
lvp move cly
gol move pie
mar support gol move pie
nrg move bar
nwy support bar move nrg
par support bre
pic support bur move par
pie move mar
ruh move bur
ser move rum
smy move con
tri move ven
tys move wes
wes move mid
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
England: fleet/dislodged nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: army/dislodged par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Germany: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
nrg move edi
par move gas
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Germany: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel support pic move bur
bla move con
bre support bur move gas
bud move rum
bur move gas
cly support nrg move edi
con move smy
gas support mar
hol move nth
mid move por
mar support gas
nrg move edi
nwy move nrg
par support bur move gas
pic move bur
pie support mar
rum move bul
stp move nwy
tus support ven move pie
tyr support ven move pie
tys move gol
ven move pie
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
England: fleet/dislodged edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
Austria: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
edi disband
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
Austria: fleet por
Austria: supply por
Germany: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army bud
build Army mun
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
Austria: fleet por
Austria: supply por
Germany: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bur move mar
con move aeg
edi move nrg
gas support bur move mar
gol support spa/sc move mar
nrg move nat
pie support spa/sc move mar
smy move con
spa/sc move mar
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
Austria: fleet por
Austria: supply por
Germany: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
tus move ven
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
Austria: fleet por
Austria: supply por
Germany: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army kie
build Army mos
build Fleet stp/nc
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
Austria: fleet por
Austria: supply por
Germany: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ion move aeg
mos move ukr
nat support nrg
nrg convoy nwy move edi
nwy move edi
stp/nc move bar
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
Austria: fleet por
Austria: supply por
Germany: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
