PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
par move pic
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move adr
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
bla support con move bul
bot move swe
bul move gre
con move bul
gal support ukr move rum
hol support ruh move bel
kie move den
mid move spa/sc
nth move den
nrg move nwy
pic hold
ruh move bel
rum move sev
ser hold
spa move por
tri move ven
ukr move rum
PHASE 1901 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
build Army bud
build Army con
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
build Army mun
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/nc
build Fleet tri
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
bel hold
ber move bal
bla move con
bud move vie
bul move ser
con move bul
gal move bud
gre support bul move ser
hol support bel
kie move den
lon move yor
mar move gol
mun hold
nth support nwy
nwy support nth
pic move bre
por move spa
rum support gal move bud
ser move alb
sev support rum
smy move aeg
spa/sc move wes
stp/nc hold
swe move den
tri support ser move alb
ven move apu
war move gal
yor move lon
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support gre
apu move ven
bal support kie move den
bel move ruh
bre move pic
bud support gal move vie
bul support ser
con support bul
gal move vie
gre support ser
hol move bel
ion move eas
kie move den
lon move nth
gol move tys
mun move tyr
nth move ska
nwy support nth move ska
par support bre move pic
rum support bud
sev support rum
spa move gas
stp/nc move bar
swe move nwy
tri move adr
vie move boh
wes move tun
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove adr
remove alb
build Fleet bre
build Army mun
build Fleet smy
build Army stp
remove ven
build Army war
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move eas
bal support den
bar support swe move nwy
bel support bre move eng
boh hold
bre move eng
bud support vie
bul support ser
con support bul
den hold
eas move aeg
gas move mar
gre support ser
mun hold
nap move tys
nth support nwy
nwy support ska move swe
par move bre
pic hold
rom move ven
ruh move hol
rum support bud
sev support rum
ska move swe
stp support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tun move ion
tyr move ven
tys support tun move ion
vie support ser move tri
war move sil
yor move lon
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nwy move nrg
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move eas
bal move ber
bar support nwy
bel move nth
boh hold
bre move par
bud support vie move tri
bul move ser
con move aeg
den hold
eng convoy pic move lon
gre hold
hol hold
ion support tys move nap
lon hold
mar move pie
mun hold
nap move ion
nth support nrg move nwy
nrg move nwy
nwy support bal move swe
pic move lon via convoy
rom move ven
rum support bud
ser move tri
sev support rum
sil move gal
smy support aeg move eas
stp support nwy
swe support nrg move nwy
tyr move ven
tys move nap
vie move tri
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Austria: fleet/dislodged eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: fleet/dislodged nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre
bar support nwy
bel move nth
ber move bal
boh move vie
bud support rum
bul move rum
den hold
eas move smy
eng support bel move nth
gal move vie
gre support ser
mar move gol
mos move sev
mun move sil
nap support ion
nth move den
nrg move nth
nwy support den move swe
par move gas
pic move par
pie support tyr move ven
rom move ven
rum support bud
ser support bul move rum
sev move bla
smy move con
stp support nwy
swe support nth move den
tri support gal move vie
tyr move ven
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army/dislodged den
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
den move kie
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bal move den
bar support stp move nwy
bla move con
boh hold
bud support rum
bul support ser
con move aeg
den support nwy move nth
eng support hol move lon
gas move mar
gre move alb
hol move lon via convoy
ion hold
kie support bal move den
gol move tys
nap move rom
nth convoy hol move lon
nrg move edi
nwy move swe
par move gas
pie support ven
rum hold
ser support bul
sev move arm
sil move mun
smy move eas
stp move nwy
swe support den
tri hold
ven support nap move rom
vie move gal
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
England: army/dislodged lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army/dislodged rom
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
den move ska
lon move wal
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove alb
build Fleet ber
remove boh
build Army bre
remove wal
build Army war
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move smy
arm move ank
bar move nrg
ber move bal
bre move par
bud move ser
bul support ser
den support ber move bal
eas move smy
edi move nth
eng move iri
gal move vie
gas move spa
gre move alb
ion support gre move alb
kie support den
lon move yor
mar move pie
mun move sil
nth support lon move yor
nwy support bar move nrg
pie move tyr
rom move tys
rum move bul
ser support bul
ska move den
stp support nwy
swe support ska move den
tri support bud move ser
tys move gol
ven support pie move tyr
war hold
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Turkey: army/dislodged ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
ser move gre
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move con
alb move adr
ank support con
bal support den move swe
bul support gre move ser
con support rum move bul
den move swe
edi support ska move nth
gre move ser
ion move alb
iri move lvp
kie move den
gol convoy spa move tus
nth move edi
nrg support nwy
nwy support nrg
par move bur
pie move tyr
rum move bul
ser support tri
sil support tyr move boh
ska move nth
smy support aeg move con
spa move tus via convoy
stp move lvn
swe move ska
tri support ser
tyr move boh
tys move ion
ven support pie move tyr
vie support tri
war move gal
yor support nth move edi
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
England: fleet/dislodged edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
edi disband
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
remove bul
remove gre
build Fleet kie
build Army mun
build Army sev
remove ska
build Army war
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg move con
alb support tyr move tri
ank support con
bal move bot
ber move pru
boh move vie
bre move mid
con support rum move bul
den move swe
edi move nth
gal support vie
ion move eas
kie move hel
lvn support war
lvp move cly
gol hold
mun support sil
nrg move nth
nwy support nrg move nth
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sev move mos
sil support ber move pru
smy support aeg move con
swe move ska
tri support vie
tus move rom
tyr move tri
ven support tyr move tri
vie support tri
war support gal
yor move edi
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
Russia: army/dislodged tri
Russia: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
tri move bud
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
adr support tri
aeg move gre
alb support aeg move gre
ank support con
bot move stp/sc
bud support vie
bul move gre
bur move bel
cly move nrg
con support ank
eas support smy
edi move nth
gal support war
hel move den
lvn support mos move stp
gol move tys
mid move spa/sc
mos move stp
mun move tyr
nth move hol
nwy move nrg
pru move war
ser move tri
sil support pru move war
ska support swe move nwy
smy hold
swe move nwy
ven support tri
vie support ser move tri
war support gal
yor move lon
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
France: fleet alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Russia: fleet/dislodged nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nwy move bar
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
France: fleet alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove adr
remove lon
build Army mar
build Army par
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move adr
ank move con
bel support nth move hol
boh move gal
bot move lvn
bud support vie
bul move gre
cly move nrg
con move aeg
den move kie
eas support smy
gal support vie
hol move kie
lvn support war
mar move pie
nth move hol
nwy hold
par move bur
pru move war
rom move apu
ser support bul move gre
sil support pru move war
ska support nwy
spa/sc move wes
tri move alb
tyr support ven move tri
tys move ion
ven move tri
vie support gal
war support gal
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Russia: supply ank
France: army apu
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Russia: fleet/dislodged hol
Russia: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
hol move hel
war move ukr
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Russia: supply ank
France: army apu
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Germany: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri
aeg move smy
alb move ser
apu move syr via convoy
bar move nwy
bel support bur
boh move gal
bot move lvn
bud support vie move tri
bur hold
con support aeg move smy
den move kie
eas convoy apu move syr
gal move war
gre hold
hel move den
hol move kie
ion convoy apu move syr
lvn support gal move war
nrg support nwy
nwy hold
pie move ven
ser support gre
sil support war
ska move nth
stp support bar move nwy
tri support alb move ser
tyr support tri
ukr support gal move war
vie move tri
war support boh move gal
wes move tys
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
France: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
Russia: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: army syr
Germany: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gal move rum
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
France: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: army syr
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army kie
build Army mun
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
France: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: army syr
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
