PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move wal via convoy
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move nap
sev move rum
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
vie move bud
war move pru
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
bot move swe
bud move rum
bul support bud move rum
den move swe
ion move tun
kie move ber
mid move spa/nc
pic move bel
pru hold
ruh move hol
rum support ukr move sev
ser support bud move rum
spa move por
ukr move sev
ven move tyr
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Fleet con
build Fleet kie
build Fleet mar
build Army mun
build Army par
build Fleet rom
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move sev via convoy
ber support mun move sil
bla convoy ank move sev
bot move swe
bre move eng
bud move gal
bul hold
con move aeg
den move swe
gre move ion
hol hold
kie move hel
mar move gol
mun move sil
par move bur
por move spa
pru move war
rom move tys
rum support sev move ukr
ser support rum
sev move ukr
spa/nc move mid
tri move alb
tun move wes
tyr move pie
ukr move mos
vie move boh
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb move gre
ber move mun
bla move rum
boh move mun
bot move swe
bul support aeg move gre
bur move mar
den move swe
eng move lon
gal move war
hel move den
hol hold
ion move tys
gol support mid move wes
mid move wes
mos support war
pie move mar
rum support gal
ser support rum
sev support bla move rum
sil move war
tys move tus
ukr support bla move rum
war support mos
wes move tun
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: fleet rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
rum move bud
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove boh
build Fleet bre
build Army con
build Fleet smy
remove tys
remove nth
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move gre
bel support bur move ruh
ber move kie
bot move swe
bre move eng
bud move rum
bul support rum
bur move ruh
con support bul
den move swe
gal support war move ukr
gre move alb
hel move nth
hol hold
gol support spa move mar
mos move ukr
nap move rom
pie move tyr
rum support bul
ser support bud move rum
sev support ukr move mos
sil move war
smy move aeg
spa move mar
tun support tus move tys
tus move tys
ukr move mos
war hold
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
mos move stp
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg convoy con move gre
alb move ion
bel support ruh move hol
bot move swe
bud support gal move rum
bul support rum
con move gre via convoy
den move swe
eng move iri
gal move rum
gre move ion
hol hold
kie support sil move mun
mos hold
nth move edi
rom move ven
ruh move hol
rum hold
ser support gal move rum
sev support mos
sil move mun
stp move mos
tun support tys
tyr move mun
war support stp move mos
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Turkey: fleet/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
rum move bla
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove bot
build Army par
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move gre
bel move ruh
ber move sil
bla support bul move rum
bud support rum
bul move rum
con move bul
den support edi move nth
edi move nth
gre move alb
hol support bel move ruh
iri move lvp
kie support mun move ruh
lon move nth
gol hold
mos move lvn
mun move ruh
par move bur
rum hold
ser support alb move gre
sev support bul move rum
stp move mos
tri move adr
tyr move boh
tys move ion
ven move tyr
war support stp move mos
wes support gol
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
rum move ukr
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move gre
bel support hol
bla move rum
boh move vie
bud support ukr move rum
bul support rum move ser
bur support tyr move mun
den move swe
gre support ser move bul
hol hold
kie move hol
lvn move mos
gol move wes
mos move stp
mun move bur
nth move nwy
rum move ser
ser move bul
sev move ukr
sil move war
tun support tys
tyr move tri
ukr move rum
war hold
wes move mid
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ser move alb
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Fleet con
remove gre
remove ion
build Fleet nap
build Army ven
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb support rum move ser
bel move ruh
ber move kie
bla support bul move rum
bre move eng
bud support rum move ser
bul move rum
bur support bel move ruh
con move bul/ec
hol support bel move ruh
kie move ruh
lon move nth
lvp move cly
mid move wes
mos hold
mun support kie move ruh
nap move ion
nwy move stp/nc
rum move ser
ser support tri move bud
sil move ber
stp move mos
swe move den
tri move bud
tys support nap move ion
ukr support mos
ven move tri
vie support tri move bud
war support stp move mos
wes move gol
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bud disband
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move gre
ber support kie
bla move rum
bud support tri move ser
bul/ec support bla move rum
bur move mun
cly move edi
den support nwy move nth
eng move lon
gre move alb
hol move kie
ion move alb
kie support mun
mos hold
mun support kie
nth support cly move edi
nwy move nth
ruh support bur move mun
rum move gal
ser support alb move gre
sil support mun
stp move mos
tri move ser
tun support tys
ukr support mos
vie move tri
war support stp move mos
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: fleet/dislodged nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
nth move hel
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove alb
build Army ank
build Fleet bre
build Army con
build Army ven
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move arm
ber support kie
bre move eng
bul/ec move bla
bur move mun
con move bul
den move hel
edi move nth
gal move war
hel support hol move kie
hol move kie
ion support tys
kie support mun move ruh
lon support edi move nth
mos support gal move war
mun move ruh
nth move nwy
ruh support hol move kie
rum hold
sil move mun
stp move mos
tri move vie
tys hold
ukr support gal move war
ven move tri
war support stp move mos
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
war disband
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move sev
ber support kie
bla move con
bud support ser move rum
bul move ser
bur move mun
den support kie
eng move bel
gre move alb
hel support hol move kie
hol move kie
ion move aeg
kie support mun
lon move nth
mos move lvn
mun support kie
nth move edi
nwy move nth
ruh support hol move kie
ser move rum
sil support mun
stp hold
tri move ser
tys move ion
ukr move mos
vie move gal
war support mos move lvn
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Turkey: fleet/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
rum disband
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet nap
build Fleet smy
build Army ven
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move eas
alb move gre
bel support lon move nth
ber support kie
bud move ser
bul support sev move rum
bur move mun
con move aeg
den support kie
edi move nrg
gal move ukr
hel support lon move nth
hol move kie
ion move aeg
kie support mun
lon move nth
lvn move stp
gol move tys
mar move pie
mos support lvn move stp
mun support kie
nap move ion
nwy move ska
ruh support bur move mun
rum move sev
sev move rum
sil support mun
smy support con move aeg
stp move mos
tri support bud move ser
tun support nap move ion
ven move tyr
war move gal
wes support gol move tys
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Italy: army/dislodged rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Russia: army/dislodged stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
rum move bud
stp disband
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
ber move pru
bud move rum
bul move ser
bur support tyr move mun
den support kie
eas move aeg
gal move bud
gre move alb
hel support hol move kie
hol move kie
ion move alb
kie hold
mos move sev
mun move boh
nap move ion
nth support nrg move nwy
nrg move nwy
pie hold
ruh support hol move kie
rum support bul move ser
ser move bul
sil move war
ska move swe
smy hold
stp move nwy
tri move vie
tun support nap move ion
tyr move mun
tys move gol
ukr move war
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
Germany: army/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
kie move ber
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove ber
remove boh
build Fleet con
remove den
build Army mar
build Army par
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank move smy
bel move eng
bud move rum
bul support rum move ser
bur move mar
con move aeg
eas move aeg
gal move bud
gre support aeg move ion
hel move den
ion support eas move aeg
kie move ber
mar move pie
nap move apu
nth move nrg
par move bur
pie move tyr
pru support sil move war
ruh move kie
rum move ser
ser move bul
sev support stp move mos
sil move war
smy move syr
stp move mos
swe hold
tun support ion
ukr support vie move gal
vie move gal
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Italy: army/dislodged ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: fleet syr
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ser move tri
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: fleet syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
apu move adr
ber hold
bud move tri
bul move rum
bur move ruh
con move aeg
den move ska
eng move mid
gal move bud
gre support con move aeg
ion support aeg
kie move den
mar move bur
mos move ukr
mun move boh
nrg move bar
pie move tyr
pru support war
rum support ukr move sev
ser support bud move tri
sev support bul move rum
swe hold
syr move eas
tri move ser
tyr move boh
ukr move sev
war hold
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
tri move vie
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
build Fleet mar
build Army par
remove swe
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support vie move tri
aeg support eas move ion
bar move stp/nc
bud move ser
bul move rum
bur move mar
con move bul
den move kie
eas move ion
gre support eas move ion
ion move alb
gol move tys
mid move naf
mar move gol
mos move ukr
mun move sil
nwy support bar move stp
par move bur
pie move tus
pru move lvn
rum move bul
ser move bud
sev support bul move rum
ska move swe
tri support ser move bud
tun move ion
tyr move boh
ukr move sev
vie move tri
war support pru move lvn
wes support gol move tys
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
France: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Turkey: army/dislodged tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
tri move ven
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
France: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri
aeg convoy smy move nap
alb move ion
ber support bur move mun
boh move vie
bud support rum move ser
bul move rum
bur move mun
con move bul
gre move alb
ion convoy smy move nap
kie support bur move mun
lvn move mos
gol move tys
mos move ukr
naf support wes move tun
nwy support stp/nc
ruh support bur move mun
rum move ser
ser move tri
sev support bul move rum
smy move nap via convoy
stp/nc hold
tun support alb move ion
tus support tys move rom
tys move rom
ukr move rum
war support lvn move mos
wes move tun
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
