PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move eng
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move sev
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move tus
sev move bla
smy move arm
stp/sc move fin
tri move alb
vie move tri
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move bla
arm move sev
bul move rum
den hold
eng move lon
fin move swe
ion move tun
kie move hol
mos support sev
nth move bel
nrg move nwy
pic move bel
ruh support kie move hol
ser support alb move gre
sev move bla
spa move por
tri hold
tus move pie
ukr move rum
yor move lon
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet con
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
build Army mun
build Fleet rom
build Fleet stp/sc
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move bla
arm move sev
bud support ukr move rum
bul move rum
con support ank move bla
den support kie move hel
eng convoy pic move wal
gre support ser move bul
hol hold
kie move hel
lon support nth move eng
mar move pie
mos move sev
mun move sil
nth move eng
nwy move nth
pic move wal via convoy
pie move mar
por move spa
rom move tys
ruh move kie
sev move bla
stp/sc hold
swe hold
tun move wes
ukr move rum
ven support pie
vie move gal
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet/dislodged eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
eng move bel
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: fleet bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
arm move sev
bel hold
bla support arm move sev
bud move vie
bul move rum
con move aeg
den support hel move nth
eng move mid
gal move war
gre support ser move bul
hel move nth
hol support bel
kie support den
lon move eng
mar move gol
mos support sev
nth support swe move den
pic move bre
pie move mar
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev support rum
sil hold
spa move mar
stp/sc move bot
swe move nwy
tys move gol
ven support pie
wes support tys move gol
yor move lon
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: fleet bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bul move con
nth move edi
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove aeg
build Army bud
remove eng
build Army par
build Army stp
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move ank
bel move eng
bla move con
bot move swe
bre move gas
bud move tri
bul move con
con move smy
den move bal
gre move ion
hol move yor
kie move den
gol support pie move mar
mid support wes move spa
mar move gol
mos support sev
nth convoy hol move yor
nwy support bot move swe
par move bur
pie move mar
rum support bul
sev move bla
sil hold
spa move por
stp move lvn
tri move tyr
ven move pie
vie move boh
war move pru
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
ank support bla move con
bal move ber
bla move con
boh move mun
bur support sil move mun
den hold
edi move nrg
eng move lon
gas move spa
ion move nap
lvn move war
gol move tys
mid move por
mar hold
mos support lvn move war
nth support eng move lon
nwy hold
pie support mar
por support gas move spa
pru move ber
rum hold
sev support rum
sil move mun
smy support bla move con
spa/sc support mid move por
swe hold
tri move ven
tyr support tri move ven
yor move lvp
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army/dislodged lon
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
lon move yor
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
remove nrg
build Fleet stp/nc
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
remove yor
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
bal hold
ber move sil
boh support tyr move mun
bre move mid
bul move con
bur move mar
con move aeg
den hold
gas support por move spa
lon move eng
lvp move edi
mid support spa/sc move por
mar hold
mos move sev
mun support ber move sil
nap move tys
nth hold
nwy hold
pie support mar
por move spa
pru move ber
rum hold
sev move bla
smy support ank move con
spa/sc move por
stp/nc move bar
swe hold
tri move adr
tyr move mun
tys move wes
ven hold
vie move tyr
war support pru
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun move kie
spa/sc move gol
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg support con move bul
bal support den move swe
bar move nrg
bla support sev move arm
boh move sil
bre move mid
bul move gre
bur move mar
con move bul
den move swe
edi hold
eng support bre move mid
gas support spa
kie move ber
gol move spa/sc
mid move por
mar support gol move spa
mun support ber
nth move nwy
nwy support bar move nrg
pie support mar
rum hold
sev move arm
sil support kie move ber
smy move ank
spa move por
swe hold
tyr support mun
tys move tun
ven move rom
war hold
wes support gol move spa
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
England: fleet/dislodged mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
swe move fin
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
remove fin
remove mar
build Army smy
remove spa/sc
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move con
ank move arm
arm move ank
bal support sil move ber
ber support mun move kie
bla support arm move ank
boh move sil
bre move mid
bud move ser
bul move ser
bur support gas move mar
edi hold
eng support nth
gas move mar
gre move bul
ion move aeg
kie support sil move ber
mid move spa/sc
mun move kie
nth move nwy
nrg move nth
nwy support nrg move nth
pie move ven
rom move ven
rum support gre move bul
sil move ber
smy support ank move arm
swe support nth move nwy
tri move adr
tyr move mun
vie move tyr
war support boh move sil
wes move tys
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Austria: army/dislodged ber
Austria: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Russia: fleet/dislodged nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move pru
nwy move ska
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move smy
ank support con
arm support aeg move smy
bal support ber
ber support kie move mun
bla convoy rum move con
bud move tri
bul support rum move con
bur support kie move mun
con support smy
edi hold
eng move nth
kie move mun
mid move wes
mar support bur
mun support pru move ber
nth move hol
nwy support eng move nth
pie move ven
pru move ber
rom move ven
rum move con via convoy
sil support pru move ber
ska move den
smy support ank
spa/sc support mid move wes
swe move den
tun move wes
tyr support mun
tys move rom
vie move tyr
war support pru
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army/dislodged smy
Austria: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
smy disband
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Army par
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move smy
arm move ank
bal support ber
ber support kie move mun
bla convoy rum move con
bre move mid
bud move tri
bul support rum move con
bur move ruh
con move aeg
edi hold
hol hold
ion move tys
kie move mun
mar move pie
mun support sil move ber
nth move eng
nwy move stp/nc
par move bur
pru support sil move ber
rom move tus
rum move con via convoy
sil move ber
ska move nth
smy support rum move con
spa/sc move gol
swe move den
tri move ven
tun support ion move tys
tyr support mun
vie move boh
war move mos
wes move tys
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support ank move smy
ank move smy
arm move ank
bal support ber
ber support kie move mun
bla support arm move ank
boh support mun
bul move gre
bur support kie move mun
con support arm move ank
den move nwy
edi hold
eng move lon
hol move nth
kie move mun
gol move tys
mid move naf
mos move stp
mun move ber
nth move nwy
pie move tyr
pru support mun move ber
ruh move bel
sil support mun move ber
stp/nc hold
tri move vie
tun move wes
tus support ven move pie
tyr support mun
tys move gol
ven move pie
wes support gol move tys
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Germany: army/dislodged ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: army/dislodged pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Austria: fleet/dislodged smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move kie
pie move mar
smy move eas
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army sev
remove smy
remove vie
build Army war
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
ank move smy
bal support den move swe
bel move hol
ber support tyr move mun
bla move bul/ec
boh support tyr move mun
bur support mun
con support ank move smy
den move swe
eas move ion
edi hold
kie support bel move hol
lon move nth
gol move tys
mar move pie
mos move stp
mun move ruh
naf move tun
nth move yor
nwy support mos move stp
pie move mar
pru support ber
sev move ukr
sil support tyr move mun
stp/nc hold
tun move wes
tus support pie
tyr move mun
tys move gol
war move lvn
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet/dislodged stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
stp/nc move bar
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg move con
bal move kie
bar support swe move nwy
ber support mun move kie
boh support mun
bul/ec hold
bur support kie move mun
con support smy
edi hold
hol support bal move kie
ion support tys move tun
kie move mun
lvn move stp
gol support wes move tys
mar hold
mun move kie
nth support bar move nwy
nwy hold
pru move war
ruh support kie move mun
sil support mun
smy hold
stp move fin
swe move nwy
tun support wes move tys
tus support pie
tys move tun
ukr move mos
wes move tys
yor move nth
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Austria: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Russia: fleet/dislodged nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
France: fleet/dislodged tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
mun move tyr
nwy move ska
tun move wes
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
remove aeg
build Fleet bre
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
bar support nwy move stp
ber move kie
boh support sil move mun
bre move eng
bul/ec move con
bur support mun
con move ank
edi move yor
fin move swe
gre move ser
hol support kie
ion support tun
kie move ber
gol support tys
mar hold
mos support stp
mun hold
nth move lon
nwy move stp
pie move mar
ruh support mun
sil move mun
ska support yor move nth
smy move arm
stp hold
tri move adr
tun hold
tus move rom
tyr support sil move mun
tys hold
war move pru
wes move naf
yor move nth
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
ank hold
arm hold
bar support nwy
ber move mun
boh support ber move mun
bur support mun
con move bla
eng move nth
hol move bel
ion move nap
kie move den
lon support eng move nth
gol support mar move pie
mar move pie
mos support stp
mun move boh
naf move tun
nth move den
nwy move swe
pie move mar
pru support ber
ruh support mun
ser move tri
sil support ber move mun
ska move nwy
stp support ska move nwy
swe support nth move den
tun move wes
tyr support ber move mun
tys move rom
yor move edi
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet/dislodged nth
Germany: army/dislodged nwy
Russia: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
Austria: army/dislodged pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
nth move hel
nwy move fin
pie move ven
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
remove fin
build Army sev
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move sev via convoy
arm move ank
bar move nrg
bel move hol
bla convoy ank move sev
boh support mun
bre move mid
bur support ruh move mun
edi hold
hel move kie
ion support nap move tys
kie move bal
lon move nth
gol move spa/sc
mos move stp
mun support hel move kie
nap move tys
nth move nrg
nwy move nth
pie move tus
pru move ber
ruh move kie
sev move mos
sil support pru move ber
stp move fin
swe move den
tri move ven
tun hold
tyr support ven move pie
tys move gol
ven move pie
wes move mid
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank hold
bal support ruh move kie
bar support nth move nwy
ber support kie
bla hold
boh support mun
bre move mid
bur move mar
den hold
edi hold
fin move swe
hol move kie
ion support tys move tun
kie support den
lon move nth
gol move tys
mos support stp
mun move ruh
nth move hel
nwy hold
rom support ven move tus
ruh move kie
sev hold
sil support ber
spa/sc move wes
stp support nwy
tun support spa/sc move wes
tus move pie
tyr support pie
tys move tun
ven move tus
wes support tys move tun
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
France: fleet/dislodged tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
tun move naf
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bal
remove bar
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move sev via convoy
ber support kie
bla convoy ank move sev
boh move mun
den support kie
edi hold
hel support hol move kie
hol move kie
ion support tun
kie hold
mid move spa/sc
mar move bur
mos move stp
mun move bur
naf move mid
nth move den
nwy move nth
pie move mar
rom move nap
ruh move kie
sev move mos
sil support boh move mun
spa/sc move mar
stp move fin
swe support den
tri move adr
tus move rom
tys move gol
wes move gol
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
ber support kie
bla hold
boh move mun
den support kie
edi hold
fin support nwy
hel support nth move den
hol move kie
ion move tys
kie support den
mid move wes
mar move bur
mos move ukr
mun move bur
naf support mid move wes
nth move den
nwy move nth
pie move tus
rom support pie move tus
ruh move bur
sev move arm
sil support boh move mun
spa/sc move gol
stp support nwy
swe support den
tun support ion move tys
tyr move pie
tys support spa/sc move gol
wes move gol
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army mos
build Army par
build Army sev
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm hold
bla hold
den support kie
edi hold
fin support nwy
hel support hol move kie
hol move kie
ion support tun
kie hold
mos hold
naf support wes
nth move den
nwy move nth
par move bur
ruh support par move bur
sev hold
spa/sc move gol
stp support nwy
swe support den
tri move adr
tys move gol
ukr hold
wes support spa/sc move gol
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
Russia: fleet/dislodged kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
kie move bal
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm hold
bal move kie
bla move rum
den support bal move kie
fin support nwy
mos support ukr move war
nwy move nth
sev hold
stp move lvn
swe support den
ukr move war
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army/dislodged kie
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
