PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun hold
nap move ion
par move pic
rom support ven
sev hold
smy support con
stp/sc move lvn
war hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bla move sev
bul hold
ion move tun
kie move hol
mid move por
nth support yor move hol
nrg move nwy
pic move bel
rom support ven
smy move con
spa hold
yor move hol via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Fleet kie
build Army lon
build Army mar
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army smy
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move con
bel hold
bla move sev
bre hold
bul move rum
con move bul
den move swe
kie move hel
mar hold
nap move ion
nth convoy yor move nwy
nwy move swe
par move bur
por move mid
rom move nap
spa hold
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bel hold
ber move mun
bre move mid
bul support rum
bur support bel
con hold
den move swe
hel move den
mid move nat
mar hold
mun move boh
nth convoy yor move nwy
nwy move stp/nc
rum hold
spa hold
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet edi
build Fleet kie
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel hold
boh move vie
bul support rum move con
bur move par
con support rum move bul
den move ska
edi move nth
kie move den
lon move yor
mid convoy spa move lvp
mar hold
mun move tyr
nat convoy spa move lvp
nth move ska
rum move bud
spa move lvp via convoy
stp/nc move bar
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bar move nwy
bel hold
boh support tyr move vie
bul move ser
con move bul
den move ska
edi hold
kie move den
lvp hold
mid move eng
mar hold
nat move iri
nth convoy nwy move lon
par move bur
rum move bud
tyr move vie
yor hold
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove bar
build Fleet bre
build Army con
build Army mun
build Army smy
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move arm
bel move wal
boh move gal
bre move pic
bur hold
edi move cly
eng convoy bel move wal
iri move nat
lvp move edi
mar move pie
mun move kie
nth move lon
nwy move stp
rum move bul
ser move bud
ska support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
yor support nth move lon
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bul support ser
bur hold
cly move lvp
den move swe
edi hold
eng support wal move lon
gal move bud
kie move mun
nat move lvp
pic move bel
pie move tus
ser move bud
ska move nth
stp move mos
vie support gal move bud
wal move lon
yor support cly move lvp
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army kie
build Army par
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bel move eng
ber move pru
bla move sev
bud support vie
bur move bel
edi support nat move lvp
eng move iri
ion move gre
kie move mun
lon hold
mun move sil
nat move lvp
nap move rom
nwy move stp/nc
par move bur
rum move gal
ser move alb
swe move nwy
tun move tys
tus move rom
vie support bud
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: fleet/dislodged lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
lvp disband
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bel move bur
bud support vie move tri
bul move rum
bur move mar
con move bul
edi hold
eng convoy lon move bel
iri move mid
lon move bel via convoy
lvp hold
mos move ukr
pru support sil move war
sil move war
tus move ven
vie move tri
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Austria: fleet/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army kie
build Army par
remove ukr
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bel hold
ber move sil
bud support tri
bur hold
edi hold
eng move lon
kie move mun
lvp hold
mid move spa/sc
mar move pie
mun move tyr
par move pic
pru move war
tri support bud
tus move rom
war move mos
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bel hold
bud support tri
bur hold
edi hold
lon hold
lvp move iri
mun support tyr
nth hold
pic support bel
pie move ven
rom support pie move ven
sil move boh
spa/sc move wes
tri support bud
tyr support tri
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
France: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet kie
build Fleet mar
build Army par
remove yor
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel hold
ber move sil
boh move vie
bud support tri
bur move mar
edi hold
iri move eng
lon hold
mar move gol
par move bur
pic support bel
tri support bud
tyr support boh move vie
ven move apu
wes move tun
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
apu support rom move nap
bud support tri move ser
bur hold
edi hold
eng hold
lon hold
gol move tys
mar move pie
pic support bel
rom move nap
sil move boh
tri move ser
tun support gol move tys
tyr move tri
vie support bud
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: fleet/dislodged tys
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army mar
build Army par
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
apu support pie move ven
bel hold
ber move sil
boh move gal
bud move rum
bur hold
edi hold
eng hold
kie move den
lon hold
mar move pie
nap hold
par hold
pic support bel
pie move ven
ser support bud move rum
tri support ser
tun move ion
tys hold
vie support bud
war support boh move gal
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: army/dislodged gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Turkey: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
