PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre hold
bud move tri
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move wal
mar move bur
mos move ukr
mun move boh
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move nap
sev move bla
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
tri move adr
ven move tri
vie move tyr
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tyr move ven
ank move con
arm move sev
boh move mun
bot move swe
bre move gas
bud move vie
bul move gre
bur move mar
gal move bud
hol hold
ion convoy nap move gre
kie move den
nap move gre
nth move den
nrg move nwy
sev support ukr move rum
tyr move ven
ukr move rum
ven move tri
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
France: fleet gas
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove adr
build Fleet ank
build Fleet ber
build Fleet lon
build Army mos
build Fleet stp/sc
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
France: fleet gas
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
arm move sev
ber move bal
bud move ser
bul move rum
con support ank move bla
gas move mid
hol hold
ion move gre
kie move den
lon move eng
mar move pie
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move rom
nth support pic move bel
nwy move stp/nc
pic move bel
rum support bud move ser
sev move bla
stp/sc move bot
swe move den
tri move alb
ven move tri
vie support ven move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move tri
arm move sev
bal hold
bel move bur
bla support arm move sev
bot move bal
bul move rum
con move aeg
eng convoy wal move pic
gal move bud
hol support ruh move bel
kie move den
mid move wes
nth move nwy
rom move ven
ruh move bel
rum support ser
ser hold
sev support rum
swe support bot move bal
tri move ven
ukr support sev
vie move bud
wal move bre
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: fleet/dislodged bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move ber
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Army mun
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb move gre
arm move sev
bal support swe move den
bel move pic
ber move pru
bla move rum
bul support aeg move gre
den hold
eng convoy wal move bre
gal move bud
gre move ion
hol move bel
kie move ber
lon move wal
mun hold
nwy move ska
rom move ven
rum move bul
ser support gal move bud
stp/nc move nwy
swe move den
tri support vie move bud
ukr support sev
vie move bud
wal move bre
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army/dislodged den
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: army pie
Germany: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
den move kie
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: army pie
Germany: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb move gre
arm move sev
bal move swe
bel hold
ber move sil
bla support bul
bre support pic move par
bul support aeg move gre
bur move ruh
den support bal move swe
eng move mid
gal move bud
ion move tun
kie move ber
mun hold
nwy move swe
pic move par
pru hold
rum support gal move bud
ser move bul
sev support rum
ska support nwy move swe
tri support vie move bud
ukr support sev
vie move bud
wal move iri
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army pie
Germany: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army lvp
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
build Army war
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army pie
Germany: fleet pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul move gre
alb support ven move tri
arm move bul
bal move swe
bel move pic
ber move kie
bla convoy arm move bul
bre support lvp move gas
bul move gre
den support bal move swe
gal move bud
iri convoy lvp move gas
lvp move gas
mid convoy lvp move gas
mun move boh
nap move ion
nwy move nth
par hold
pru move ber
rom move ven
rum support ser
ser support gal move bud
sev support rum
sil hold
ska support nwy move nth
tri move bud
tun move tys
ukr support sev
ven move tri
vie support tri move bud
war hold
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
France: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
tri move tyr
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
France: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre
alb support ion move gre
ber move pru
bla move rum
boh move mun
bre move par
bul move ser
den support swe
gal move bud
gas move spa
gre support bul move ser
ion move gre
iri move eng
kie move hol
mid support gas move spa
nth support iri move eng
par support pic move bre
pic move bre
rum support ser
ser support rum
sev support rum
sil move boh
ska move nwy
swe support den
tri support ven
tyr move tri
tys move ion
ukr move gal
ven support tri
vie support tyr move tri
war support ukr move gal
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: army/dislodged bre
Germany: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army pie
Germany: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
France: supply spa
France: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bre move gas
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army pie
Germany: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet smy
remove tyr
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army pie
Germany: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre
alb move gre
ber move kie
bla move sev
boh move sil
bre hold
bud support gal move vie
bul hold
den support swe
eng move bel
gal move vie
gas move mar
gre support bul
hol hold
ion support alb move gre
mid move por
mun move boh
nth support eng move bel
par support bre
pie move tyr
pru move ber
rum support ser
ser support bud
sev support rum
smy move eas
spa support gas move mar
swe support den
tri support ven
tys move ion
ven support tri
vie move tri
war move sil
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
alb support tri
bel support nth move hol
ber move bal
bla move rum
boh move sil
bre move eng
bud support vie
bul support gre move ser
den support swe
eas move ion
gre move ser
hol move bel
ion hold
kie move den
mar support spa move gas
mun move ruh
nth move hol
nwy move swe
par move pic
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sev move bla
spa move gas
swe support den
tri hold
tyr move boh
tys support ion
ven support tri
vie support bud
war move ukr
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
England: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove boh
build Fleet edi
remove kie
build Fleet lon
build Army lvp
build Army mos
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
England: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb support ion move gre
bal move kie
bel move eng
bla support bul move rum
bud support ser
bul move rum
den move ska
eas move ion
edi move nth
eng support pic move bel
gas move bre
gre move ser
hol move bel
ion move gre
lon support bel move eng
lvp move yor
mar move bur
mos move stp
nwy move stp/nc
pic move bel
por move mid
ruh support pic move bel
rum support ser
ser support bud
sev support rum
sil move ber
swe support den move ska
tri support ven
tys move nap
ukr move war
ven support tri
vie support bud
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: fleet/dislodged eng
Italy: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
eng move pic
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb support gre
bel hold
ber move kie
bla support bul
bud support ser
bul support aeg move gre
bur move par
eng move mid
gre support alb
hol move bel
ion move tun
kie move den
lon move eng
mid move wes
mos move stp
nap move ion
nth convoy yor move den
nwy move stp/nc
pic support bel
ruh move mun
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sev move bla
ska move nwy
swe support ska move nwy
tri support alb
ven support tri
vie move tri
war move lvn
yor move den
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
bul move con
nwy move bar
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
remove mun
build Army war
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
alb support tri move ser
bar move stp/nc
bel move hol
ber hold
bla support con move bul
bre move pic
bud support ser
bul support ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
eng support bre move pic
gre support con move bul
ion move tys
kie support bel move hol
lvn move stp
mid move naf
mos move sev
nth support hol
nwy support lvn move stp
par support bre move pic
pic move bel
ser support bul
sev move rum
swe support nwy
tri move ser
tun move ion
ven move tri
vie support bud
war move sil
wes move tys
yor move edi
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support bul
alb support tri move ser
bar move stp/nc
bel hold
ber move mun
bla move rum
bud move tri
bul support bla move rum
edi move yor
eng support pic move bel
hol support pic move bel
ion support tun
kie move den
naf move tun
nth support hol
nrg move bar
nwy support stp
par move bur
pic move bel
rum move bul/ec
ser support rum move bul/ec
sev hold
sil move ber
stp support nwy
swe move den
tri move ser
tun move tys
ven move pie
vie support bud move tri
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
Germany: army/dislodged bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Russia: army/dislodged ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Italy: supply tri
England: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
ser move bud
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet lon
build Army mos
build Army smy
build Army war
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support bul
alb support ion move gre
bel move hol
ber move mun
bud move ser
bul support rum
bur move mar
eng move mid
gre move bul/sc
hol move hel
ion move gre
kie move den
lon move nth
mos move sev
mun move boh
nth move ska
nrg support lon move nth
nwy support stp
pie move ven
rum support bul
ser support gre move bul/ec
sev move arm
smy move arm
stp support nwy
swe move den
tri support bud move ser
tun support wes move tys
tys move rom
vie support tri
war move gal
wes move tys
yor move edi
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb support ven move tri
bar support nrg move nwy
boh move mun
bul support rum
edi move den
gal move rum
hel support edi move den
hol move kie
ion support gre
kie move ber
mid move wes
mar move bur
mos support stp
mun hold
nth convoy edi move den
nrg move nwy
nwy support swe
rom hold
rum support bul
ser support gal move rum
sev support gal move rum
ska support edi move den
smy move arm
stp support nwy
swe support nwy
tri support ser
tun move ion
tys support tun move ion
ven move tri
vie support tri
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
England: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Turkey: fleet/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
rum move bla
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove ber
build Army edi
build Army lon
build Army war
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb move tri
arm move sev
bar support edi move nwy
bla support bul move rum
boh hold
bul move rum
bur support kie move mun
den move swe
edi move nwy
gre move ion
hel move kie
ion support gre
kie move mun
lon move den
mos support stp
mun move ruh
nth convoy lon move den
nrg convoy edi move nwy
nwy support stp
rom move nap
rum support sev
ser support tri move alb
sev support rum
ska support den move swe
stp support nwy
swe support nwy
tri move alb
tys move nap
ven support alb move tri
vie move tri
war move pru
wes move tys
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
rum move bud
swe move bal
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
alb move tri
arm support rum move sev
bal support ruh move kie
bar support swe move nwy
bla support rum move sev
boh hold
bud move rum
bur move bel
den support ska move swe
edi move hol
gre move bul/sc
ion support tys move nap
kie move ber
mos support sev
nth convoy edi move hol
nrg support swe move nwy
nwy support stp
pru move ber
rom move nap
ruh move kie
rum move sev
ser support bud move rum
sev support bud move rum
ska move swe
stp support nwy
swe move nwy
tri support vie move tyr
tys move nap
ven support alb move tri
vie move tyr
wes move tys
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
England: fleet/dislodged kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
Russia: fleet/dislodged nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Russia: army/dislodged tri
Russia: supply tri
England: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
kie move hel
nwy move ska
sev move ukr
tri move vie
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
England: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bal
build Army con
build Army edi
build Army lon
build Fleet lvp
remove ska
remove stp
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
England: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
arm support sev
bar support nwy move stp
bel move ruh
bla move rum
boh move gal
con move bul
edi move nwy
gre move bul/sc
hel support hol move kie
hol move kie
ion move eas
kie move mun
lon move hol
lvp move iri
mos move sev
mun move ber
nap hold
nth convoy lon move hol
nrg convoy edi move nwy
nwy move stp
pru move ber
rom move tys
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sev support bla move rum
swe move bal
tri move ven
tyr support kie move mun
tys move ion
ukr support mos move sev
ven move pie
vie move bud
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
England: army/dislodged mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
England: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mun move boh
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
England: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
arm support sev
bal support kie move ber
bar support stp
bla support con move bul
boh move mun
bud move vie
con move bul
den move kie
gal move war
hel support den move kie
hol move ruh
ion move tun
iri move mid
kie move ber
mos move sev
nap move rom
nth move eng
nrg move nat
nwy move swe
pie move mar
pru move lvn
ruh move bur
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sev hold
tyr support mun
tys move rom
ukr move war
ven move rom
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet nat
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove gal
build Army lon
remove mun
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet nat
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm support sev
bal convoy swe move pru
bar support stp
ber support swe move pru
bla support sev
boh move gal
bur support lon move gas
con move bul
eas move aeg
eng convoy lon move gas
gre move alb
hel move nth
kie support ruh move mun
lon move gas
lvn support mos
mid convoy lon move gas
mar move pie
mos support ukr move sev
nap support tun move tys
ruh move mun
rum support ukr move sev
ser support vie move tri
smy hold
stp hold
swe move pru
tun move tys
tyr move vie
tys move tun
ukr move sev
ven move rom
vie move tri
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
England: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
England: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet nat
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Italy: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: fleet tys
Turkey: fleet/dislodged tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
tys move wes
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
England: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
England: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet nat
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Italy: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move con
alb move ion
arm move sev
bal move lvn
bar support stp
ber move sil
bla support sev move rum
bul support sev move rum
bur support gas move mar
gal support mun move boh
gas move mar
kie move mun
lvn move war
mid move wes
mos support lvn move war
mun move boh
nat move mid
nap move ion
pie move ven
pru move war
rom support pie move ven
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev move rum
smy hold
stp hold
tri hold
tys support nap move ion
ukr support rum
vie move bud
wes move tun
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
England: fleet con
England: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
