PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move pic
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move nap
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
bla hold
bot move swe
bul move ser
bur move mun
con move bul
gal move vie
hol support yor move bel
ion convoy nap move tun
kie move den
nap move tun
nth convoy yor move bel
nrg move nwy
pic move bel
ruh move mun
rum hold
ser support alb move gre
tri move vie
ukr support rum
yor move bel
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army bud
build Fleet lon
build Fleet lvp
build Army mar
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel hold
bla support bul
bud support ser move rum
bul hold
bur move ruh
con move smy
den move kie
gre hold
hol move hel
ion move tun
lon move eng
lvp move iri
mar move bur
mun support ruh move bur
nap move tys
nth support nwy
nwy hold
pic support bel
ruh move bur
rum hold
ser move rum
smy move eas
spa move por
stp/nc move bar
tri support bud
tun move naf
ukr support rum
vie move gal
war move sil
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bur move par
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move pic
ber hold
bla support bul
bud move gal
bul support rum
bur move gas
eas move aeg
eng support bel move pic
gal hold
gre hold
hel move den
iri move mid
kie move mun
mar support par move bur
mun move bur
naf move tun
nth support nwy
nwy hold
par move bur
pic move bre
rum hold
ser move rum
sil move boh
smy hold
tri move bud
tun move wes
tys move gol
ukr support gal
vie support bud move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army par
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
ber move sil
bla support rum
boh support gal move vie
bud support ser move rum
bul support aeg move gre
bur move mar
eng move bre
gal move vie
gas support mun move bur
gre hold
kie move ruh
gol convoy tun move pie
mid support eng move bre
mar move spa
mun move bur
nth support nwy
nwy hold
par support bre
pic support eng move bre
por support mar move spa
rum hold
ser move rum
smy move con
tri support vie
tun move pie
ukr move gal
vie hold
wes convoy tun move pie
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: fleet/dislodged gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
gre move alb
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move gre
bar move nrg
bla support rum
boh move tyr
bre hold
bud move gal
bul support gre
bur move par
con support bul
gal hold
gas support mid move spa/sc
gre support bul
gol support pie move mar
mid move spa/sc
mar support spa
nth support nwy
nwy hold
par move bur
pic move bel
pie move mar
por support spa
ruh move mun
rum hold
ser support alb move gre
sil support ruh move mun
spa support mar
swe move bal
tri support ser
ukr support rum
vie support bud move gal
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
gal move boh
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove alb
build Fleet edi
build Fleet nap
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel hold
bla move con
boh move vie
bre hold
bul support rum
bur move par
con move smy
edi move nrg
gal move ukr
gas support bur move par
gol move spa/sc
mid hold
mar support gol move spa/sc
nap move ion
nth support edi move nrg
nwy move stp/nc
par move bur
por support spa
rum hold
ser hold
smy move eas
spa support por
tri support vie
tyr move vie
ukr support rum
vie move boh
wes support gol move spa/sc
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet/dislodged nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: army/dislodged par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
par move pic
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bre support mid
bul support rum
con move aeg
den move swe
eas move ion
gal move war
gas support mid move spa/nc
gre support eas move ion
ion move eas
mid hold
nth hold
nrg hold
pic move par
por hold
ser move rum
sil move war
smy move con
spa/sc support mar
stp/nc hold
tri move tyr
vie move boh
wes move tun
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ion move tys
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army edi
build Fleet nap
remove pic
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support ion
bel hold
ber move pru
boh move gal
bre hold
bul hold
con move ank
edi move nwy
gal move rum
gre support ion
ion hold
mid support bre
mar support spa/sc
mun move boh
nap support tys move ion
nth support edi move nwy
nrg convoy edi move nwy
par move bur
ser support gal move rum
sil move war
spa/sc support mar
stp/nc move bar
swe move bal
tri move bud
tun support tys move ion
tys move ion
ukr move war
vie move gal
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: fleet/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
rum move bla
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support ion
ank move con
bal move ber
bar move nwy
bel hold
bla support ukr move rum
boh move vie
bre hold
bud move rum
bul support bla move rum
bur move mar
gas support mid move spa/sc
gre support bul
ion hold
mid move spa/sc
mar support spa/sc
mun move boh
nap support tys move ion
nth hold
nrg move nat
nwy move stp
por move spa
pru move war
rum move sev
ser move bul
sil support pru move war
spa/sc support mar
swe move bal
tun support tys move ion
tys move ion
ukr move rum
ven move tyr
vie hold
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove bla
build Army kie
build Fleet smy
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support smy move eas
bel hold
bre hold
bud move rum
bul support gre
bur support gas move mar
con support bul
gas move mar
gre support bul
ion move tys
kie support sil move ber
mar support por move spa
mun support sil move ber
nat move mid
nap move rom
nth hold
nwy hold
por support mar move spa
ser support bud move rum
sev support bud move rum
sil move ber
smy move eas
spa/sc move wes
stp move mos
swe move bal
tri move alb
tun move wes
tyr support boh move mun
vie hold
war hold
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Russia: fleet/dislodged ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Italy: army/dislodged mar
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
mar move pie
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre
alb move gre
bal move den
bel hold
ber move sil
bre move mid
bul support gre
con support bul
eas move ion
gre support bul
kie move ber
mid move por
mos hold
mun move tyr
nth move nrg
nwy move bar
por move spa
rom move tys
rum move bul
ser support alb move gre
sev move arm
spa/sc support mid move por
tun move wes
tys move gol
vie hold
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Fleet lvp
remove gol
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move smy
alb move gre
arm move sev
bar convoy edi move stp
bel hold
ber move sil
bul support gre
con move ank
edi move stp
gre support bul
ion support gre
kie move ruh
lon move nth
lvp move iri
mid move naf
mar move pie
mos hold
mun move tyr
nrg convoy edi move stp
por move mid
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sil move boh
spa/sc support por move mid
tri move adr
tyr move ven
tys move nap
vie hold
war move gal
wes move tun
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bul move con
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
alb move gre
ank move arm
bar hold
bel hold
boh move vie
bul support alb move gre
bur move mar
con move bul
gal support boh move vie
gre support con move bul
ion support gre
iri move mid
mid move wes
mar move pie
mos move ukr
naf support mid move wes
nap move ion
nth support bel
nrg hold
pie support ven move tyr
ruh move mun
rum move gal
sev move mos
sil move war
smy move aeg
spa/sc move gol
stp move mos
tun support nap move ion
tyr support boh move vie
ven move tyr
vie move boh
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ion move tys
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army bud
remove tys
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
alb move gre
arm move sev
bar hold
bel hold
boh move vie
bud move gal
bul support alb move gre
con move bul
gal support boh move vie
gre support con move bul
ion support tun
gol move tys
mid hold
mar move pie
mun support tyr
naf move tun
nth hold
nrg hold
pie move tus
rum support bul
sev hold
stp move mos
tri move adr
tun hold
tyr support mar move pie
ukr support stp move mos
vie move tyr
wes support gol move tys
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg support con move bul
alb move gre
arm move sev
bar hold
bel hold
bud move gal
bul move con
bur move mar
con move bul
gre support con move bul
ion move tun
mid hold
mos support ukr move sev
naf move tun
nth hold
nrg hold
rum support sev
sev hold
tun move wes
tus move pie
tys move nap
ukr move sev
ven support tus move pie
vie move boh
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: army/dislodged bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
Italy: fleet/dislodged tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bul move ser
tun disband
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove alb
build Fleet con
build Army edi
remove ion
build Fleet lvp
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
arm support sev
bar convoy edi move stp
bel hold
ber move pru
boh move vie
bud support vie
bul hold
con move bla
edi move stp
gal support boh move vie
gre support aeg move ion
lvp move iri
mid move wes
mar move pie
mos move sev
nap support tun move ion
nth hold
nrg convoy edi move stp
pie move mar
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev move mos
tri move alb
tun move ion
tyr support boh move vie
ukr support mos move sev
ven move rom
vie support bud
war support gal
wes move tys
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bul move con
vie move tri
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
alb support aeg move ion
arm move sev
bar hold
bel hold
bla support con move bul
bud move vie
bul hold
con move bul
gre support con move bul
iri move mid
nap support tun move ion
nth hold
nrg hold
pie move tyr
rom move nap
rum support arm move sev
sev hold
stp move mos
tri support bud move vie
tun move ion
tys support tun move ion
ukr support sev
wes move tun
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Germany: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bul move ser
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet lvp
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move eas
alb move adr
arm move sev
bar hold
bel hold
bla support bul
bul support gre
gre support bul
ion move eas
lvp move iri
mid move wes
mos support sev
nap support tun move ion
nth hold
nrg hold
pie move tyr
rom move nap
rum hold
ser move bud
tri move tyr
tun move ion
tys support tun move ion
ukr support sev
vie move boh
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg move eas
arm move sev
bla move con
boh support tri move tyr
bud move gal
bul move gre
gre move aeg
ion move eas
iri move mid
mos support sev
nap support tys move rom
pie support tri move tyr
rum support bud move gal
sev hold
tri move tyr
tun move ion
tys move rom
ukr support sev
wes move tys
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: army/dislodged gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army/dislodged rom
England: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Germany: army/dislodged tyr
England: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
gal move vie
rom disband
tyr move ven
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army lon
remove pie
remove rum
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move eas
arm move sev
bar move nwy
bel move pic
boh support gal move vie
bul move ser
con move aeg
gal move vie
gre support con move aeg
ion hold
lon hold
mid move spa/sc
mos move war
nap move apu
nth move hel
nrg move nth
rom move tys
tri move ven
tun support ion
tyr support gal move vie
tys move gol
ukr support mos move war
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
England: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Germany: army/dislodged vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army war
Germany: army/dislodged war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
England: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
apu move adr
arm move sev
boh move sil
eas move ion
gre support eas move ion
hel move kie
ion hold
lon move hol
gol support spa/sc move mar
nth convoy lon move hol
nwy move swe
pic move par
ser move rum
sev support ukr move rum
spa/sc move mar
tri move ven
tun support ion
tyr support tri move ven
tys support ion
ukr move rum
war hold
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Germany: army/dislodged mar
England: fleet mar
Germany: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
England: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Germany: army/dislodged ven
Austria: fleet ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
England: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
