PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move tri
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun move bur
nap move tys
par move bur
rom move ven
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move pie
vie move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move bla
bot move swe
bul move rum
con move bul
hol move bel
kie move den
mid move por
mun move bur
nth convoy yor move nwy
nrg support yor move nwy
par move bur
pie move mar
sev move rum
spa hold
stp move fin
tri move ser
tys move tun
ven move pie
vie move tri
war move gal
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army bre
build Army bud
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel support nth
ber move mun
bla move con
bre move gas
bud support vie move gal
bul support sev move rum
con move ank
den move swe
fin support swe move nwy
gal move rum
gre move aeg
kie move hol
lon move eng
mar move gas
mun move ruh
nap move tys
nth support nwy
nrg support nwy
nwy support den move swe
par move bur
pie move mar
por move mid
rom move ven
ser move bul
sev support gal move rum
smy move aeg
spa support bre move gas
stp/nc support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tri move alb
tun move wes
vie move gal
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
swe move ska
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move tri
ank move con
bel support nth
bud move rum
bul support rum
bur support spa move mar
con move aeg
eng support nth
fin support ska move swe
gal move war
gas support spa move mar
gre support ser move bul
hol support bel
mid move spa/sc
mar move spa
mun move bur
nth support nwy
nrg support nwy
nwy hold
pie move mar
ruh support mun move bur
rum support bul move ser
ser move bul
sev support rum
ska move swe
smy support con move aeg
spa move mar
stp/nc move nwy
swe move den
tys move gol
ven move tus
wes support mar move spa
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bur move par
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army mun
build Army vie
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bel support bur move pic
bud move rum
bul support bud move rum
bur move pic
con move bul
den hold
eng support nrg move nth
fin move stp
gas support spa
gre move ion
hol support bel
gol move spa/sc
mid support spa
mar support gol move spa
mun support ruh move bur
nth move hel
nrg move nth
nwy move stp
par support gas
pie support mar
ruh move bur
rum move ukr
sev move rum
smy move aeg
spa support gas
stp/nc move bar
swe move nwy
tri move ser
tus move rom
vie move gal
war move mos
wes support gol move spa
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
bar move nwy
bel move nth
bud move rum
bul support bud move rum
bur move bel
con move bul
den support mun move kie
eng move bel
fin move stp
gal support bud move rum
gas support spa
gre move aeg
hel support nth move hol
hol support bel move nth
gol move spa/sc
mid support spa
mar support gol move spa
mos move sev
mun move kie
nth move hol
nwy move swe
par move bre
pic move bre
pie support mar
rom move apu
ser support bul
sev move rum
smy move eas
spa hold
swe support bar move nwy
ukr move war
wes support gol move spa
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: army/dislodged nwy
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
nwy disband
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet edi
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
apu move ven
bud move gal
bul support ser move rum
bur move ruh
den move yor
eas move ion
edi move nth
eng support edi move nth
gal move sil
gas support spa
gre support bul
hel move kie
hol move bel
kie move hol
gol move spa/sc
mid support spa
mar support gol move spa
mos support rum move ukr
nth convoy den move yor
nwy move stp/nc
par move bre
pic move bel
pie move ven
rum move ukr
ser move rum
sev move rum
spa support bur move mar
stp move mos
swe hold
tri move alb
war support stp move mos
wes support gol move spa
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Austria: army/dislodged mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
mos move lvn
nth move lon
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
alb move ion
apu move nap
bre move par
bul move con
con move bul
den support kie
eng support hol move bel
gal support sil move war
gas move mar
gre support alb move ion
hel support nth move den
hol move bel
ion move gre
kie support ruh move hol
lon move nth
lvn move mos
gol move spa/sc
mid support spa
mar support gol move spa
mos move ukr
nth move den
pic move bel
pie support mar
ruh move hol
rum support ukr move sev
sev move rum
sil move war
spa support gas move mar
stp/nc move nwy
swe move nwy
ukr move sev
war move lvn
wes support gol move spa
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: army/dislodged bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: fleet/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bul move ser
ion move tun
sev disband
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
build Fleet edi
build Fleet smy
build Fleet tri
remove ukr
remove wes
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bel move hol
bul move gre
con move ank
den move kie
edi move nth
eng support edi move nth
gal hold
gas support spa
gre support rum move bul
hel support bel move hol
hol support pic move bel
ion move aeg
kie support hol
lvn move stp
gol convoy mar move tus
mid hold
mar move tus via convoy
mos support war move lvn
nap move tun via convoy
nth move den
par move bur
pic move bel
pie move tyr
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sev move arm
smy move aeg
spa support mar
stp/nc move nwy
swe support stp/nc move nwy
tri move alb
tun support aeg move ion
war move lvn
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army/dislodged hol
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bul move con
hol move ruh
ion move adr
nth move lon
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg move bul/sc
alb support gre
arm move ank
bel support kie move hol
bul hold
bur support bel
con support aeg move bul
den support hol move kie
eng move lon
gal move vie
gas support spa move mar
gre hold
hel support hol move kie
hol move kie
ion move gre
kie move hol
lon support nwy move nth
lvn support mos move stp
gol move tys
mid move spa/sc
mos move stp
nap hold
nth support eng move lon
nwy support stp
ruh support kie move hol
ser support bul
spa move mar
stp support tyr move vie
swe support nwy
tun move ion
tus move ven
tyr move tri
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
Germany: fleet/dislodged lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
lon move wal
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army tri
remove tun
remove tys
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg support ion move gre
alb support gre
arm move ank
bel support kie move hol
bre move eng
bul hold
bur move pic
con move bul
den support hol move kie
gas move bur
gre support adr move ion
hel support hol move kie
hol move kie
ion move gre
kie move hol
lon move eng
lvn move war
mar move pie
mos move stp
nap move apu
nth move bel
nwy support stp
ruh support kie move hol
ser support bul
spa/sc move wes
stp support mar move vie
swe support nwy
tri hold
tyr move ven
ven move rom
vie support tri
wal move lvp
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Austria: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: army/dislodged kie
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ion move eas
kie move ber
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Austria: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
alb move ion
apu move nap
arm move smy
bel move hol
ber move mun
bre move mid
bul hold
bur support pic move bel
con move bul
den support kie
eas support aeg
gre support alb move ion
hel move hol
ion move tys
kie support swe move bal
lon move eng
lvp hold
mos move stp
nth support hel move hol
nwy move stp/nc
pic move bel
pie move tyr
rom move nap
ruh move mun
ser support bul
stp move fin
swe hold
tri support vie move tyr
ven support pie move tyr
vie move tyr
war move sil
wes move tun
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
remove eas
build Fleet mar
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
ank move smy
apu move nap
bel support ruh move hol
ber support ruh move mun
bre move eng
bud move rum
bul move con
bur support bel
con support ank move smy
den support kie
eng move wal
fin move swe
gre move ion
hol support kie
ion move tun
kie support sil move ber
lvp move cly
mid support bre move eng
mar move gol
mos hold
nth move nwy
nwy move stp/nc
pie move tyr
rom support apu move nap
ruh move mun
ser move tri
sil move boh
smy support bul move con
swe move bal
tri move tyr
tun move tys
tys support ion move tun
ven support pie move tyr
vie support tri move tyr
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
France: fleet/dislodged tun
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
tun move naf
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
ank support con
bal support swe move den
bel move hol
ber support mun move kie
boh support tri move tyr
bul move con
bur move mun
den support kie
eng move lon
hol support kie
ion move tys
kie support bal move ber
gol support naf move wes
mid move eng
mos move lvn
mun move kie
naf move wes
nap hold
nwy move swe
pie move tyr
rom support nap
rum move sev
ser move tri
smy support bul move con
stp/nc move nwy
swe move den
tri move tyr
tun support tys move wes
tys move wes
ven support pie move tyr
vie support tri move tyr
wal move lvp
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
England: fleet/dislodged den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
England: fleet/dislodged kie
England: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
den move nth
kie move hel
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove cly
remove hol
build Army par
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
ank support con move smy
bal support den move swe
bel move hol
ber support kie move mun
boh move sil
bud move vie
bul move con
con move smy
den move swe
eng hold
hel support nth move den
ion move apu
kie move mun
lon move nth
lvn move stp
lvp move cly
gol support naf move wes
mun support pie move tyr
naf move wes
nap support rom
nth move den
nwy support den move swe
par move bur
pie move tyr
rom support nap
sev move arm
smy support bul move con
swe move bal
tri support tyr move ven
tun hold
tyr move ven
tys move rom
ven hold
vie move boh
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Austria: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Austria: army/dislodged smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
England: fleet/dislodged swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
France: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun move ruh
smy move syr
swe move ska
ven move tus
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Austria: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank support smy move con
apu support tys move nap
arm move ank
bal move den
ber support mun
boh move mun
bur support tyr move mun
cly move edi
con move smy
den support ska move swe
eng hold
hel support ruh move kie
hol support ruh
gol move tys
mun support ber
nap move rom
nth move edi
nwy move ska
rom move ven
ruh support tyr move mun
sil support boh move mun
ska move swe
smy move con
stp hold
swe support bal move den
syr support con move smy
tri support ven
tun hold
tus support rom move ven
tyr move mun
tys move nap
ven support vie move tyr
vie move tyr
wes move tun
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Austria: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun move kie
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Austria: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bal
remove cly
build Army con
remove tus
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Austria: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
