PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move apu
sev move bla
stp/sc move bot
tri hold
ven hold
vie move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
apu move gre
bla move bul/ec
bot move swe
bud support ser move rum
gal move vie
hol support nth move bel
ion convoy apu move gre
kie move den
mid move por
mar move spa
nth convoy yor move bel
nrg move nwy
pic move bel
ruh support nth move bel
ser move rum
tri move adr
ukr move rum
ven hold
yor move bel via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Fleet lon
build Army mar
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army sev
build Army stp
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
ber move kie
bre move eng
bud move ser
bul/ec support sev move rum
den move swe
gre support rum move bul
hol support yor move bel
ion move aeg
lon move eng
mar move bur
mun move tyr
nap move ion
nth convoy yor move bel
nwy support den move swe
pic move bel
por move mid
ruh support yor move bel
rum move bul
sev move rum
spa move mar
stp hold
swe hold
ukr support sev move rum
ven move tri
vie support war move gal
war move gal
yor move bel via convoy
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet/dislodged bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bul/ec move bla
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
aeg support gre move bul
bel support ruh move bur
bla support rum
bre move eng
bul move ser
gal move bud
gre move bul
hol support bel
ion move tun
kie move mun
lon move eng
mid move iri
mar move pie
nth support bel
nwy hold
ruh move bur
rum support gal move bud
ser move rum
stp hold
swe hold
tri move ven
tyr move ven
ukr move gal
vie support gal move bud
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bur move par
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet lvp
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
build Army sev
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg support bul move con
bel support mun move bur
ber move sil
bla hold
bre support pic
bud move ser
bul move con
bur move gas
gal move bud
iri move wal
lon move eng
lvp move iri
mun move boh
nap support tun move ion
nth move nwy
nwy move bar
par move bur
pic support par move bur
pie move mar
rom move tus
rum support bud move ser
ser move tri
sev move arm
swe move fin
tun move ion
tyr move tri
ven support ser move tri
vie move tri
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Germany: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg move smy
arm support bla move ank
bar move stp/nc
bel hold
bla move ank
boh support tri move vie
bre move eng
bud move gal
bur move mun
con support aeg move smy
eng move lon
fin support bar move stp
gas move spa
hol support bel
ion move aeg
iri move lvp
nap move ion
nwy support bar move stp
pic move par
rum move ukr
ser hold
sil move war
stp hold
tri move vie
tus move pie
tyr move mun
ven support tus move pie
vie support bud move gal
wal move lon
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army/dislodged smy
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army/dislodged stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Russia: army/dislodged vie
Russia: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
stp move mos
vie move bud
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove ank
build Army ber
build Army lon
build Army mun
build Army nap
build Fleet rom
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg convoy nap move smy
arm move sev
bel support lon move pic
ber move pru
boh move gal
bre move eng
bud support gal
bur move ruh
con move bul
eng convoy lon move pic
ion convoy nap move smy
lon move pic via convoy
lvp move iri
mar hold
mos move war
mun move bur
nap move smy via convoy
nwy move nth
par move pic
pie support ven
rom move tys
ser move tri
smy move con
spa hold
stp/nc hold
tri support ven
ukr support mos move war
ven support tri
vie support tri
war support boh move gal
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Germany: army/dislodged war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
war move sil
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
bel move hol
boh move gal
bre move pic
bud support gal
bul move rum
bur move mar
con move bla
eng move bre
fin move swe
gal support war
hol move kie
ion move gre
iri move mid
mar move spa
nth move den
par support bre move pic
pic support eng move bre
pie support mar
pru move war
ruh move kie
ser move tri
sev move mos
sil support pru move war
smy move ank
spa support bur move mar
stp/nc move nwy
tri support ven
tyr move mun
tys move wes
ukr support war
ven support tri
vie support tri
war move pru
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
France: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army/dislodged pic
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
mar move gas
pic move bur
war move lvn
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
remove gas
build Army lon
remove lvn
build Fleet nap
remove pic
build Army rom
remove ser
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move con
bel hold
bla support rum move sev
boh move vie
bre hold
bur move mar
con move bul/ec
den move swe
edi move nth
gre support nap move ion
hol move bel
lon hold
mid support wes move spa
mar move spa
mos move sev
mun support sil move boh
nap move ion
nwy support den move swe
par hold
pie support bur move mar
rom move apu
ruh move kie
rum move sev
sil move ber
spa move por
swe move nwy
tri hold
ven support tri
vie move bud
war move gal
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/ec
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
Germany: army/dislodged mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Germany: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Germany: army/dislodged swe
England: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
mar move gas
swe move fin
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/ec
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Germany: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
apu move alb via convoy
bel support lon move hol
ber move kie
bla support sev
boh move sil
bre move gas
bul/ec move rum
con move bul
fin move stp
gas move spa
gre move aeg
hol support ber move kie
ion convoy apu move alb
lon move hol via convoy
mid move por
mar support spa/sc
mun support ber move kie
nth convoy lon move hol
nwy support swe
par hold
pie support ven
por support gas move spa
sev support bul/ec move rum
spa/sc support mid move por
swe support nwy
tri support ven
ven support pie
vie move bud
war hold
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Italy: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
Germany: fleet/dislodged hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
France: army/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Germany: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: fleet rum
Italy: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
hol move hel
kie move ruh
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Italy: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: fleet rum
Italy: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove bud
build Army edi
remove gas
build Army lon
build Army nap
remove por
build Army rom
remove ruh
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Italy: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Germany: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: fleet rum
Italy: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg convoy nap move bul
alb move ser
bel move pic
bla move con
bre support bel move pic
bul move rum
edi move nwy via convoy
gal support mos move war
hel move den
hol move kie
ion convoy nap move bul
kie support hel move den
lon hold
mid move por
mar move gas
mos move war
mun support kie
nap move bul via convoy
nth convoy edi move nwy
nwy move bar
pie move mar
rom move ven
rum move bla
sev hold
sil move gal
spa/sc support mid move por
stp move mos
swe move den
tri hold
ukr support mos move war
ven move pie
vie move bud
war support stp move mos
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
Germany: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Germany: army/dislodged war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
war move lvn
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
Germany: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bar support nwy move stp
bla support sev
bre hold
bud support tri
bul move rum
con move aeg
gas move par
hel support kie move hol
hol move kie
ion move tys
kie move hol
lon move den via convoy
lvn move stp
mar support spa/sc
mos support lvn move stp
nth convoy lon move den
nwy move stp
par hold
pic support gas move par
pie support ven move tyr
por hold
rum move ukr
ser support bul move rum
sev support rum move ukr
sil move war
spa/sc support mar
swe support lon move den
tri hold
ven move tyr
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
England: army/dislodged hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
France: army/dislodged par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
Germany: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
hol move ruh
par move bur
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bur
remove gal
build Army nap
build Army ven
build Army vie
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bar support nwy move stp
bla move con
bre move mid
bud support rum move gal
den support ruh move kie
hel move kie
hol move bel
ion move tys
lvn move war
mar support spa/sc
mos support lvn move war
mun support hel move kie
nap move rom
nth move hel
nwy move stp
par move bur
pic move bel
pie support mar
por support bre move mid
ruh move kie
rum move gal
ser move rum
sev move mos
sil support lvn move war
spa/sc support mar
swe move bot
tri hold
tyr support vie move boh
tys move wes
ukr support sev move mos
ven support tyr
vie move boh
war hold
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Germany: army/dislodged mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
mos move lvn
war disband
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bar support stp
boh move mun
bot move bal
bud move vie
bur support pic move bel
con move aeg
den move kie
gal move war
ion move tys
mid hold
mar move gas
mos support gal move war
nth move hel
pic move bel
pie move mar
por support mid
rom move ven
ruh support den move kie
spa/sc support tys move wes
stp hold
tyr support boh move mun
tys move wes
ukr support gal move war
ven move pie
wes move naf
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: army war
Germany: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet lon
build Fleet lvp
build Army nap
build Fleet rom
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal support kie move ber
bar move stp/nc
bel move hol
bud move gal
bur move par
gas move bre
kie move ber
lon move eng
lvp move iri
mar move gas
mos support war
mun hold
naf support wes move mid
nap move apu
nth support bel move hol
pie move mar
por support mid
rom move tys
ruh move kie
rum move ser
spa/sc move por
stp move lvn
tri hold
tyr support mun
tys move wes
ukr move rum
ven move pie
vie move boh
war support mos
wes move mid
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
Germany: army/dislodged hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
England: fleet/dislodged mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
mid move nat
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu move ven
bal hold
ber support kie move mun
boh support gal move sil
bre hold
eng support par move bre
gal move sil
gas support bre
hol move ruh
ion move adr
iri support por move mid
kie move mun
lvn hold
mid move por
mar move bur
mos support war
mun hold
naf move mid
nat support por move mid
nth move hol
par move bre
pie move ven
por move mid
rum support ser move bud
ser move bud
spa/sc support mid move por
stp/nc hold
tyr move vie
tys move tun
war support mos
wes support naf move mid
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: army bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
England: army mun
Austria: army/dislodged mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Germany: army/dislodged sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun move tyr
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
