PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move tys
par move bur
rom move tus
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move tri
vie move tri
war move sil
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move bla
bot move swe
bul move rum
bur support sil move mun
con move bul
edi move den via convoy
hol support ruh move bel
kie move den
mid move por
nth convoy edi move den
nrg move nwy
ruh move bel
ser support alb move gre
sev move rum
sil move mun
tus move pie
tys move tun
ukr support sev move rum
ven move tri
vie move tri
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Fleet lon
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet sev
build Fleet tri
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
bel move bur
ber support kie move mun
bla support bul move rum
bre move mid
bud move ser
bul move rum
bur support spa move mar
con move bul
edi move yor
gre move ion
hol move nth
kie move mun
lon move nth
mos hold
mun move kie
nap move ion
nth move hel
nwy move ska
pie move mar
por move spa/sc
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev move bla
spa move mar
swe move bal
tri move ven
tun move wes
ukr support rum
ven move tri
vie move tyr
war move pru
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Russia: army/dislodged mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
mun move sil
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
arm support bla
bal support pru move ber
bel move ruh
ber support mun
bla support con move bul
bul hold
bur support spa move mar
con move bul
gre support bul
hel support ska move den
hol move kie
lon move nth
mid support por move spa
mos support sev
mun support ber
nap move ion
par move pic
pie move mar
por move spa/sc
pru move ber
rum move bla
ser move alb
sev support rum move bla
sil move mun
ska move den
spa move mar
tri move ven
tyr support tri move ven
ukr move rum
ven move tri
wes hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Austria: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
ven move tus
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove ion
build Army lon
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
arm support bla move sev
bal move ber
ber move mun
bla move sev
bud move vie
bur support pic move bel
con move bul
den hold
gre move aeg
hel support lon move hol
kie support ruh move hol
lon move hol via convoy
mid move spa/sc
mar move pie
mos support sev
mun support kie
nth convoy lon move hol
pic move bel
pie move ven
ruh move hol
rum move bla
sev support rum move bla
sil support ber move mun
spa/sc move gol
tri move adr
tus support pie move ven
tyr support ven
ukr move war
ven hold
wes move spa/sc
yor hold
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Turkey: fleet/dislodged bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
bla move ank
mun move boh
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr convoy alb move apu
aeg move smy
alb move apu via convoy
ank move con
arm move ank
ber support den move kie
bla move ank
boh move mun
bul move con
con move smy
den move kie
hel support den move kie
kie move hol
lon move hol via convoy
mid move spa/sc
mos move sev
mun support den move kie
nth convoy lon move hol
pie move ven
ruh support boh move mun
sev move arm
sil support mun
tus support pie move ven
tyr hold
vie move bud
war move gal
wes move tys
yor hold
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Turkey: fleet arm
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet kie
Germany: fleet/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Austria: fleet/dislodged ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
kie move bal
ven move tri
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove boh
remove bud
build Fleet edi
build Army par
build Army rom
remove ruh
build Fleet stp/sc
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
aeg support bul move con
ank move con
apu move rom
arm move ank
bal move swe
bel move hol
ber move bal
bla move ank
bul move con
bur move mar
con move smy
edi move nrg
gal move ukr
hel move den
kie support lon move hol
lon move hol via convoy
gol support spa/sc move wes
mar move pie
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nth convoy lon move hol
par move pic
rom move apu
sev move arm
sil move mun
spa/sc move wes
stp/sc move bot
tri move ven
tus move pie
tyr support tri move ven
tys move ion
ven support rom move apu
yor hold
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Turkey: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg support con
ank move con
apu move nap
arm move ank
bal support bot move swe
bla support sev move arm
bot move swe
bur move mar
con hold
hol support ruh move bel
ion move adr
kie support hol
mar move pie
mun move bur
nth support nrg move nwy
nrg move nwy
pic move bur
rom support tus move ven
ruh move bel
sev move arm
smy support ank move con
stp move nwy
swe move nwy
tus move ven
tyr support ven
ukr move sev
ven hold
wes move tun
yor move wal
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Germany: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
remove ion
build Fleet lon
build Army tri
remove tus
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg support con move smy
ank hold
arm move ank
bal move ber
bel support mun move bur
bla support arm move ank
bre move eng
bud move rum
con move smy
den support nwy move swe
hol move bel
kie move bal
lon move eng
gol move spa/sc
mar move bur
mun move bur
nth support hol move bel
nwy move swe
pie move mar
rom move ven
sev move rum
smy hold
stp hold
swe hold
tri move tyr
tun hold
tyr move boh
ven move adr
vie move gal
war move sil
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
Russia: army/dislodged bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: army smy
Turkey: army/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
bel move ruh
smy move arm
swe move ska
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Austria: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg move con
ank support smy move con
arm move ank
bal move kie
bel hold
ber support mun move kie
bla support con move bul
boh move sil
bre move eng
bud move rum
con support arm move ank
den support bal move kie
gal move war
ion move tys
lon move nth
mar move bur
mun move kie
nap move rom
nth move nwy
pic support bel
pie move mar
ruh support mun move kie
sev move rum
sil move war
ska move nwy
smy support aeg move con
spa/sc move mid
stp support ska move nwy
swe support nth move nwy
tyr support adr move ven
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Turkey: fleet/dislodged con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Austria: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
con move bul/ec
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove arm
build Fleet edi
build Army vie
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
bel support nth move hol
ber support kie
bla support ank move con
boh move sil
bud move rum
bul/ec move con
bur support pic move bel
con move ank
den support bal move kie
edi move nrg
eng move lon
gal support boh move sil
kie support ruh move mun
lon move eng
mid move iri
nth move hol
pic move bel
rom move ven
ruh move mun
sev move rum
sil move war
ska move nwy
smy support con move ank
stp support ska move nwy
swe move nwy
tyr move mun
tys move ion
ven move adr
vie move boh
wal hold
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
England: army/dislodged bel
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move ruh
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
ank support bul/ec move con
bal support den move kie
bel hold
ber support kie
bla support bul/ec move con
boh move mun
bud move rum
bul/ec support ank move con
bur support bel
con support smy move ank
den move kie
eng move lon
gal move war
hol support ruh move bel
ion move aeg
iri move lvp
kie support bur move ruh
lon move nth
mun move sil
nwy hold
ruh move bel
sev move rum
sil support gal move war
smy move ank
stp support nwy
swe move nwy
tyr support boh move mun
ven move tri
wal move lvp
war move gal
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Russia: fleet/dislodged ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bal
build Fleet bre
remove den
build Army par
remove swe
build Army vie
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
arm move ank
bel hold
ber support kie
bla support arm move ank
bre move eng
bud move rum
bul/ec move con
bur support bel
con support aeg move bul
gal support sil move war
hol support ruh move bel
ion move gre
iri move lvp
kie support ber
mun hold
nth move lon
nrg move nat
nwy move swe
ruh move bel
sev move rum
sil move war
stp move nwy
tri move ser
tyr support mun
vie move boh
wal move lvp
war move gal
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army/dislodged ank
Russia: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move smy
war move mos
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel support bur move ruh
ber support kie
bla support ank
boh move sil
bud move rum
bul/sc support con
bur move ruh
con hold
eng support lon
gal support bud move rum
gre move aeg
hol support ruh move bel
iri move mid
kie hold
mos move war
mun hold
nat move mid
nth support ruh move bel
nwy move swe
ruh move bel
ser support bud move rum
sev move ukr
smy hold
swe move den
tyr support mun
wal move lvp
war hold
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
England: army bel
France: army/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move pic
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove mar
remove nat
build Army sev
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
ank move con
ber support kie
bla support ank move con
bud move gal
bul/sc support con
con hold
den move nth
eng move iri
gal move ukr
hol support bel
iri move nat
kie support ber
mos move war
mun support sil move ber
nth move yor
par move bur
pic support ruh move bel
ruh move bel
rum support gal move ukr
ser move bud
sev move rum
sil move ber
smy move arm
swe move nwy
tri move adr
tyr hold
ukr support sev move rum
vie move boh
war support gal move ukr
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
ank move con
arm support con move ank
ber support kie
bla support ank move con
boh move sil
bud move rum
bul/sc move con
bur support ruh move bel
con move ank
gal support rum move ukr
kie support ber
mos move war
mun support sil move ber
nat move nrg
nth convoy nwy move edi
nwy move edi
pic support ruh move bel
ruh move bel
rum move ukr
ser move bul
sev support ukr move rum
sil move ber
smy support bul/sc move con
tyr move vie
ukr move rum
war support rum move ukr
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
remove hol
build Army mar
build Army stp
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
ank move arm
arm support rum move sev
bel move hol
ber support kie
bla move rum
boh move sil
bud move rum
bul/sc support con
bur move ruh
con move bla
edi move nwy
gal support war
ion move tys
kie support ber
lvp move wal
mos support ukr move war
nth convoy edi move nwy
nrg move nwy
pic move bur
rum move sev
ser move tri
sev support bla move rum
sil move pru
smy move aeg
stp move lvn
ukr move war
vie move boh
war hold
yor move lon
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
rum move ser
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg support bul/sc move con
ank move con
arm move ank
ber move pru
bla support arm move ank
boh support mun
bud support ser move rum
bul/sc move con
bur move ruh
edi move lvp
gal support bud move rum
hol support ruh move kie
iri move lvp
kie hold
lon move nth
lvn support ukr move war
mar move pie
mos support ukr move war
mun move kie
nth move nwy
nrg move nwy
pru support war
ruh move kie
rum support sev
ser move rum
sev support rum
sil support war
tri move ven
tun move ion
ukr move war
war hold
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
Russia: army/dislodged kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
kie move den
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Fleet mar
build Army par
build Fleet stp/nc
remove yor
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank move arm
ber support den move kie
bla support ser move rum
boh support mun
bud support ser move rum
con move bul/sc
den move kie
edi move lvp
gal support pru move war
ion move nap
iri move lvp
kie support ruh move mun
lvn move pru
mar move gol
mos support war
mun support sil move ber
nth move eng
nrg move nwy
par move bur
pie move ven
pru move war
ruh move mun
rum hold
ser move rum
sev support rum
sil move ber
stp/nc move nwy
tys move tun
ven move pie
wal move lvp
war support lvn move pru
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
ber support den move kie
bla support arm move sev
boh support mun
bud move tri
bul/sc move gre
bur support kie move mun
den move kie
edi move lvp
eng move bre
gal support sil
hol move kie
ion move tys
iri move lvp
kie move mun
lon move eng
gol move wes
mos support sev
nrg move nwy
pie move ven
pru support ber
ruh support kie move mun
rum support bla move sev
sev hold
sil support mun
stp/nc move nwy
tun support ion move tys
ven move pie
wal move lvp
war move gal
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bre
Russia: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove nrg
build Army vie
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bre
Russia: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move sev
ber support kie
bla support arm move sev
boh support mun
bre move mid
bud support gal
bur move mar
edi move lvp
eng support iri move mid
gal support sil
gre move ion
hol move kie
iri move mid
kie hold
mos support sev
mun hold
nap move rom
pie move tus
pru move sil
ruh support hol move kie
rum support arm move sev
sev hold
sil hold
stp/nc move nwy
tri move ven
tun support gre move ion
tys move rom
ven move tus
vie move tyr
wal move lon
war support pru move sil
wes move gol
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bre
Russia: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
sev move ukr
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bre
Russia: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber support kie
bla support sev
boh support sil
bre move gas
bud support gal
eng support mid move bre
gal move ukr
hol move ruh
ion move nap
kie support ber
lon move yor
lvp hold
gol move wes
mid move bre
mar move pie
mos support ukr move sev
mun move ruh
nap move rom
nwy move nth
pie move tus
pru support war
ruh move bur
rum support gal move ukr
sev support gal move ukr
sil move war
tri move tyr
tun move wes
tyr move mun
tys support ion move nap
ukr move sev
ven move tus
war hold
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army par
build Army stp
build Army vie
remove yor
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber support kie
boh support sil
bre move mid
bud move gal
bur move mar
eng move lon
gas move mid
hol move ruh
kie support ber
lvp move wal
mar move spa
mos support war move ukr
mun hold
nap move rom
nth move eng
par move bur
pie move tus
pru move war
rom hold
sev support ukr
sil hold
stp support mos
tri support tyr move ven
tun move wes
tyr move ven
tys support nap move rom
ukr hold
ven move tus
vie move tyr
war move ukr
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Russia: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move kie
bla move con
boh support mun
bre move mid
bur move mun
eng move nth
gal support sil move war
gas move bre
kie move hol
lon move nth
gol move wes
mos support war
mun hold
pie move tus
pru move ber
ruh move mun
sev move mos
sil move war
stp support mos
tri move ven
tyr support ven move pie
tys move gol
ukr support sev move mos
ven move pie
vie move bud
wal move lon
war hold
wes support tys move gol
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Russia: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army wal
Austria: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
war move lvn
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bre
Russia: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet tri
remove tus
build Army vie
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bre
Russia: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move mun
boh move sil
bre hold
bud move vie
con move aeg
eng move nth
gal support war
hol move kie
kie move hel
lvn move war
gol support pie move mar
mos support lvn move war
mun move bur
pie move mar
rom move tys
ruh move bel
sev move mos
stp support mos
tri move adr
tyr support mun
ukr support war
ven move pie
vie move boh
wal move yor
war support boh move sil
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1913 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bre
Russia: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
France: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
mar move gas
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bre
Russia: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
adr move apu
aeg move ion
bel move hol
ber support kie move mun
boh move sil
bre hold
bur move mun
gal support war
gas move bre
hel move hol
kie move mun
lvn move war
gol support mar
mid support gas move bre
mar hold
mos support lvn move war
mun hold
nth move lon
pie support mar
sev support ukr move mos
sil move pru
stp support mos
tyr support mun
tys move wes
ukr move mos
vie move boh
war support ukr move mos
wes move naf
yor support nth move lon
PHASE 1913 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
Russia: fleet/dislodged bre
Russia: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
France: fleet/dislodged lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
bre move pic
lon move wal
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Russia: fleet pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
