PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move eng
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move hol
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move apu
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
vie hold
war move lvn
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
apu move tun
bla support bul move rum
bot convoy lvn move swe
bre move eng
bul move rum
bur support hol move bel
con move bul
hol move bel
kie move den
lon hold
lvn move swe
nth convoy yor move nwy
ruh move hol
rum move bul/ec
ser support alb move gre
spa move por
ukr move sev
ven move pie
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army ber
build Army bud
build Fleet kie
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Fleet smy
build Fleet tri
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bel hold
ber move mun
bot move swe
bud move rum
bur move mar
den hold
gre support ser move bul
hol support bel
ion convoy apu move tun
kie move hel
lon move nth
mar move gol
mos support sev
mun move ruh
nth move nrg
por move spa
ser move bul
swe move nwy
vie move tyr
war move ukr
yor move lon
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu move nap
bel hold
bud move rum
bul support bud move rum
den move swe
gre support bul
hel move den
hol move ruh
ion move tun
gol support mar move pie
mar move pie
mos move sev
mun move boh
nth move nwy
nrg support nth move nwy
nwy support swe
ruh move mun
sev move arm
swe support nwy
tri move ven
tyr support tri move ven
ukr support bud move rum
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army/dislodged nwy
England: fleet nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
Italy: army/dislodged pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Turkey: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nwy move fin
pie move tus
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet edi
build Fleet mar
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move sev
arm move syr
bel support hel move nth
bla convoy ank move sev
boh move tyr
bud move rum
bul move con
den hold
edi move nth
eng move mid
fin move nwy
gre move aeg
hel move nth
gol support pie move tus
mar move spa/sc
mun support boh move tyr
nap move apu
nrg support edi move nth
nwy move stp/nc
pie move tus
ruh move hol
rum move bul
sev move arm
smy move eas
spa move gas
swe support fin move nwy
tri move adr
tus move ven
tyr support ven
ukr move sev
vie support tyr
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army/dislodged tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
tus move rom
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move apu
aeg move smy
apu support rom
arm support syr move smy
bel move eng
boh support mun move tyr
bul support con
con support aeg move smy
den hold
edi move nth
hel move nth
hol move bel
lon move yor
gol move tys
mid move naf
mun move tyr
nrg move nwy
nwy move stp
rom hold
rum support bul
spa/sc move wes
stp/nc support nrg move nwy
swe support nwy
syr move smy
tun move ion
tus move rom
tyr support vie
ukr move sev
ven support adr move apu
vie support tyr
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army/dislodged apu
Austria: fleet apu
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army/dislodged nwy
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
apu move nap
nwy move fin
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet lon
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move gre
apu support tri move adr
arm move ank
bel hold
boh support mun move tyr
bul move con
con move smy
den hold
edi move nth
eng support hel move nth
fin move swe
gas move bre
hel move nth
ion support rom move apu
lon support edi move nth
mun move tyr
naf move mid
nap support rom move apu
nwy move swe
rom move apu
rum move gal
stp/nc move nwy
syr move arm
tri move adr
tus move rom
tyr support vie
tys support tus move rom
ven support apu
vie support tyr
wes move tun
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr support gre move ion
apu move rom
arm support syr move smy
bel move ruh
boh move gal
bre hold
con move ank
den move swe
edi move nth
eng support hel move nth
fin move swe
gal move war
gre move ion
hel move nth
ion move tys
lon support edi move nth
mid hold
mun hold
nap support apu move rom
nwy support edi move nth
rom hold
sev move rum
smy support con move ank
stp/nc support nwy
syr move smy
tun support tys
tyr support vie move boh
tys support rom
vie move boh
yor move edi
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Germany: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
France: army/dislodged rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ion move aeg
rom move tus
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Germany: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
remove aeg
build Army bud
build Army mar
build Army vie
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Germany: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr move alb
arm move ank
boh move vie
bre hold
bud move ser
con move smy
den move swe
edi move lvp
eng support hel move nth
gal move sil
hel move nth
ion move nap
lon move eng
mid support lon move eng
mar move bur
mun hold
nap support rom
nth support lon move eng
nwy move ska
rom hold
ruh support mun
smy support arm move ank
stp/nc move nwy
tun hold
tus move rom
tyr move mun
tys support tus move rom
vie move bud
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: fleet/dislodged eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
Italy: army/dislodged rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
eng move bel
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
arm move ank
bel move hol
bre move pic
bud support ser move rum
bur move bel
con move smy
eng support bur move bel
fin move stp
hel move den
ion move nap
lvp move yor
mid move bre
mun hold
nap move rom
nth support bur move bel
nwy support ska move swe
rom support ion move nap
ruh move bel
rum move bul
ser move rum
sil hold
ska move swe
smy support arm move ank
swe support hel move den
tys support rom
vie move gal
war move mos
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army/dislodged nap
Austria: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army/dislodged swe
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
nap disband
swe move fin
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove fin
build Army mar
build Army par
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
arm move sev
bel support par move bur
bud move ser
bul support smy move con
con move smy
den hold
eng move nth
gal move war
gre support rum move bul
hol support ruh move bel
mar support par move bur
mos hold
mun hold
nap hold
nth move hel
nwy support eng move nth
par move bur
pic support bel
rom move tus
ruh move bel
rum move bul
sil move war
smy move con
swe move den
tri move ven
tyr support vie move boh
ven move adr
vie move boh
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr support ven
bel move hol
boh support tyr move mun
bre move pic
bur move ruh
con move smy
den hold
gal move war
gre move aeg
hel support swe move den
hol hold
mar support tus move pie
mun hold
nth support bel move hol
nwy hold
pic move bel
ruh hold
ser move rum
sev move rum
sil hold
swe move den
tus move pie
tyr move mun
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
Germany: fleet/dislodged hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
hol move kie
mun move ber
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Army par
remove ruh
remove sil
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr support ven
aeg support con move smy
bel move ruh
ber hold
boh move sil
bul move con
con move smy
den support hel move kie
hel move kie
hol support hel move kie
kie hold
mos support war move lvn
mun hold
nap hold
nth convoy edi move nwy
nwy move swe
pic move bre
ser move rum
sev support stp move mos
smy support ank move con
stp move mos
tri move tyr
vie move boh
war move lvn
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet kie
Germany: fleet/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Austria: army/dislodged mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Russia: army/dislodged smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
kie move bal
mos move war
smy move arm
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move apu
aeg support smy
arm support sev
bal support ber
ber hold
boh support mun
bre move mid
bur support ruh
con move ank
den move bal
edi move nwy
hol support kie
kie hold
lvn support war move mos
mar support pie
mos support sev
nth convoy edi move nwy
par support bur
ruh support hol
rum move sev
sev support mos
sil support mun
smy support con move ank
swe support den move bal
tyr support mun
war move mos
yor move den
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
Germany: fleet/dislodged bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bal move pru
mos move stp
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove arm
build Army edi
remove pru
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move gre
ank move arm
apu support nap
bal support kie move ber
ber hold
boh support mun
bur move mar
edi move nwy
hol support ruh
kie move ber
lvn move stp
mid move wes
mar move pie
mos support lvn move stp
nth convoy edi move nwy
nwy move fin
par move bur
pie move tus
ruh support hol
rum move sev
sev move rum
sil support mun
smy move con
stp move mos
swe move bot
tri move alb
tun support tys
tyr support mun
tys support tun
ven hold
vie move gal
yor move den
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army/dislodged ber
England: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
ber disband
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb hold
apu support nap
arm move sev
bal move kie
boh support mun
bot support fin move stp
bur support ruh move mun
con hold
fin move stp
gal move war
gre hold
hol move ruh
mar move pie
mos support stp
nth convoy yor move den
nwy support fin move stp
pie move ven
ruh move mun
rum support arm move sev
sev move mos
sil support mun
tun move ion
tus support pie move ven
tyr support ven
tys move rom
wes move tys
yor move den
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Austria: army/dislodged stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
sev disband
stp move lvn
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Army lon
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
alb move ion
apu support nap
ber support den move kie
boh support mun
bot support stp move lvn
bur support ruh move mun
con move smy
den move kie
edi move den
gre support alb move ion
hol move ruh
ion move aeg
kie move bal
lon hold
lvn move stp
mar move pie
mos support lvn move stp
nth convoy edi move den
nwy move stp
pie move ven
rom move nap
ruh move mun
rum move bul
sev move rum
sil support mun
stp move lvn
tri move adr
tus support pie move ven
tyr support ven
tys support rom move nap
war hold
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move con
apu support nap
bal support stp move lvn
ber move pru
boh support mun
bot support stp move lvn
bul move con
den move kie
gre support adr move ion
ion move tun
kie move ber
lon move nwy
lvn move stp
mar support pie
mos support lvn move stp
nap move rom
nth support lon move nwy
nwy move stp
pie hold
rom move nap
rum move bul
sil support mun
smy support bul move con
stp move lvn
tus move tun
tyr support ven
tys convoy tus move tun
ven support nap move rom
war hold
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
apu support ion move nap
bal hold
ber support bur move mun
boh support mun
bot move stp/sc
bur move mun
gre support adr move ion
ion move nap
kie support bur move mun
lon move den
lvn support stp move mos
mar move pie
mos support war
nth convoy lon move den
pie move tyr
pru hold
ruh support bur move mun
sil support mun
stp move mos
tri support ven
tus move tun
tyr support mun
tys support tus move tun
ven support rom
vie move gal
war support mos
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
apu move nap
bal move swe
ber move pru
boh support sil move mun
bot move stp/sc
den move kie
gal move sil
ion move tun
kie move ber
lvn support stp move mos
mar move gas
mos support war
mun support pie move tyr
nap move tys
pie move tyr
pru move bal
rom support nap move tys
ruh support mun
sil move mun
stp move mos
tri support ven
tus move rom
tyr support sil move mun
tys move tun
ven support tyr
war support mos
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet mar
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
apu move nap
ber move sil
boh support sil
bot move stp/sc
gal support war
ion support rom move tys
kie support mun
lvn support stp move mos
mar move gol
mos support war
mun support pie move tyr
nap move rom
nth hold
pie move tyr
pru move war
rom move tys
ruh support mun
sil support war
stp move mos
tri support ven
tus move rom
tyr support boh
tys move tun
ven support tyr
war support mos
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Austria: army/dislodged mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
mos move sev
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
apu move nap
bal move lvn
ber move sil
boh support sil
gal move war
ion support tys move tun
kie support mun
lvn move war
gol move tys
mos support lvn move war
mun support ber move sil
nap move rom
pru support ber move sil
ruh support mun
sev support war move mos
sil support gal move war
swe move nwy
tri support ven
tun move tys
tus move ven
tyr support boh
tys move tun
ven support tyr
war move mos
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
England: army/dislodged mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
mos disband
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army edi
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
boh move sil
bud move gal
bul move gre
gal move war
gas hold
gre move aeg
hol move ruh
ion support tys move tun
kie support ruh move mun
lvn support sil move war
gol move tys
mos support gal move war
mun move sil
nap support ion
nth move eng
nwy move nth
pie support tus move ven
pru support sil move war
rom move tus
ruh move mun
sev support mos
sil move war
stp/sc hold
tri support ven
tun move tys
tus move ven
tyr support boh
tys move tun
ven support tyr
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
boh move sil
bud move vie
edi move nwy
eng move mid
gal move war
gas move mar
hol move ruh
ion move tun
kie support ruh move mun
lvn support war
gol move tys
mos support gal move war
mun move sil
nap move tys
nth convoy edi move nwy
pie move tyr
pru support mun move sil
rom support nap move tys
ruh move mun
sev support mos
stp/sc hold
tri support ven
tun move tys
tus move ven
tyr support ven
tys move wes
ven support tyr
war hold
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
France: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army lon
remove vie
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
France: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal move swe
boh support gal
gal move war
ion move tun
kie move ber
lon move den
lvn move mos
gol move tys
mid move wes
mar move spa
mos support sev move ukr
mun support sil move boh
nth convoy lon move den
nwy move stp
pie move tyr
pru move war
rom support tys
ruh support mun
sev move ukr
sil move boh
stp/sc move bot
tri support ven
tun move tys
tus move ven
tyr support boh
tys support ion move tun
ven support tyr
war move gal
wes move gol
PHASE 1913 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
Austria: army/dislodged boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
boh move vie
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ber move sil
boh move tyr
bot move bal
den move kie
gal move war
ion support rom move tys
lvn support stp move mos
gol move tys
mid move wes
mun support boh move tyr
nth move eng
pie support boh move tyr
pru move war
rom move tys
ruh support mun
stp move mos
swe move nwy
tri move ven
tun move tys
tus move ven
tyr support tri move ven
tys move wes
ukr support mos
ven move rom
vie support tyr
war move ukr
wes move naf
PHASE 1913 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Austria: army/dislodged mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
mos move sev
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
build Army edi
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
eng move mid
gal move war
ion move tun
kie move ber
lvn move war
gol move tys
mid move wes
mos support war move ukr
mun move tyr
naf support ion move tun
nwy move nth
pie support tyr move ven
pru move sil
rom support tys
ruh move mun
sev support ukr move mos
sil move boh
tri support ven
tun move tys
tus support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
tys support ion move tun
ukr move mos
vie move tyr
war move ukr
PHASE 1914 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
England: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
England: army/dislodged mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
Austria: army/dislodged ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
mos move stp
ven move apu
PHASE 1914 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
England: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu move nap
bal move swe
ber move pru
boh move gal
bul move rum
edi move den
gal move war
gre move ion
ion move adr
lvn support stp move mos
gol support tus
mid move naf
mos support gal move war
mun move tyr
naf support tys move wes
nth convoy edi move den
pie support ven
ruh move mun
sev support mos
sil move war
stp move mos
tri support vie
tus move rom
tys move wes
ukr move sev
ven support tus move rom
vie support tri
wes support ion move tun
PHASE 1914 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
France: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet mar
build Army par
PHASE 1915 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
France: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr convoy ven move alb
boh support sil move gal
bud support tri
con move bul
den move kie
gal move war
ion support nap
lvn move war
gol move tys
mid move naf
mar move pie
mos move sev
mun move tyr
naf move mid
nap move rom
nth move eng
par move bur
pie move tus
pru support lvn move war
rom support tyr move ven
rum support sev
sil move gal
spa move mar
swe move nwy
tri support vie
tun support tys
tyr move ven
tys support tun
ukr support mos move sev
ven move alb
vie support tri
wes move tun
PHASE 1915 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: army alb
Austria: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support alb move tri
alb move tri
boh move vie
bud support tri
bul move ser
bur move mun
eng move mid
gal move rum
ion support tun
kie move ber
gol move tys
mid move naf
mos move sev
naf move mid
nap move rom
nwy move nth
pie move gol
pru move war
rom support tus
rum support sev
smy move con
tri support vie
tus support rom
tyr support alb move tri
tys support nap move rom
ukr support gal move rum
ven support alb move tri
vie support bud
war move gal
wes support mid move naf
PHASE 1915 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
England: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
England: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
rum move bul
PHASE 1915 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
England: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Army par
PHASE 1916 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
England: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
ber move sil
boh support tyr move vie
bud support vie move tri
bul support sev move rum
con support bul
edi move den
gal move bud
ion support tun
gol move tys
mos move sev
naf move tun
nap move rom
nth convoy edi move den
par move bur
rum support gal move bud
ser support vie move tri
sev move rum
tri move vie
tun support tys
tus support rom
tyr support tri move vie
tys support nap move rom
ukr support mos move sev
ven move tri
vie move tri
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1916 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
England: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
boh support tri move vie
bud support vie move tri
bul support rum
con support bul
gal support ukr move rum
ion support tun
gol move mar
mid support wes
mar move pie
naf move tun
nap move rom
pie move gol
rom hold
ser support rum
sev support ukr move rum
sil hold
tri move vie
tus support rom
tyr support tri move vie
tys support tun
ukr move rum
ven move tri
vie move tri
war support gal
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1916 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet lon
build Army par
PHASE 1917 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri
boh support gal
bur move ruh
den move kie
gal support sev move rum
lon hold
gol support mar move spa/sc
mid hold
mar move spa/sc
mun support tyr
naf move tun
nth hold
par move bre
pie move mar
sev move rum
sil hold
tri support vie
tus support rom
tyr support mun
ukr support sev move rum
vie support tri
war hold
wes hold
PHASE 1917 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
England: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
