PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move eng
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move nap
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move adr
ven hold
vie move tyr
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move tri
bla move con
bot move bal
bre move pic
bul move gre
bur move bel
con move bul
den move swe
ion convoy nap move tun
kie move hol
lon move eng
nap move tun via convoy
nth convoy yor move nwy
ruh move mun
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
spa hold
stp move fin
tyr move mun
ukr support rum
ven move tri
yor move nwy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Army mun
build Army rom
build Fleet smy
build Army stp
build Army tri
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tyr move tri
bal support fin move swe
bel move pic
bla move con
bul support tri move ser
con move bul
eng move mid
fin move swe
gre support con move bul
hol move bel
ion convoy tun move alb
kie support swe move den
lon move eng
nth support nwy
nwy hold
pic move bre
rom support ven
ruh support hol move bel
rum support bul
smy move aeg
spa move por
stp move fin
swe move den
tri move ser
tun move alb via convoy
tyr move tri
ukr move sev
ven hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg support gre
alb support ion move gre
bal convoy swe move kie
bel support eng move pic
bla support con move bul
bre support pic
bul support ion move gre
con move bul
den hold
eng support pic move bel
fin move swe
gre support con move bul
ion move gre
kie support den
mid move wes
mun move ber
nth convoy nwy move hol
nwy move hol
pic move bel
por hold
rom move tus
ruh move bur
rum support bul
ser support bul
sev move arm
swe move kie via convoy
tri support ser
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
Germany: army/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move ruh
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove den
build Fleet edi
build Army mar
build Army par
build Army sev
build Army vie
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg convoy gre move smy
alb move tun via convoy
arm move syr
bal support swe move den
bel support mar move bur
ber move kie
bla move arm
bre move gas
bul hold
bur move mun
con move bul
edi move nrg
eng support bel
fin move swe
gre move smy via convoy
hol hold
ion convoy alb move tun
kie move hol
mar move bur
nth support hol
par support mar move bur
por move spa
ruh support kie move hol
rum move bla
ser hold
sev move arm
swe move den
tri hold
tus move pie
ven move tyr
vie hold
wes move tys
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move gre
bal move swe
bel support bur move ruh
ber move kie
bla move rum
bul support ion move gre
bur move ruh
con move bul
den hold
gas move mid
hol support den move kie
ion move gre
kie move hol
nth move hel
nrg move nth
par move bur
pie move mar
ruh support kie move hol
rum move bla
ser support ion move gre
sev hold
smy hold
spa move mar
swe move nwy
syr move smy
tri hold
tyr move mun
tys move rom
vie hold
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army mar
build Army mos
remove smy
build Fleet stp/nc
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
bel support ruh
ber move kie
bla support con move bul
bur support mun
con move bul
den support ber move kie
eng move nth
hel support hol move kie
hol move kie
kie move ruh
mid move nat
mar move pie
mos move sev
mun support kie move ruh
nth move ska
nwy move fin
rom move nap
ruh move mun
rum move bla
sev move arm
spa move gas
stp/nc move nwy
swe move ska
syr support sev move arm
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
England: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
England: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
arm move smy
bel move ruh
ber move kie
bla move rum
bul support bla move rum
bur support bel move ruh
den hold
eng support bel
fin move nwy
gas move par
hel move kie
hol support hel move kie
ion hold
mar support bur
mun support ber move kie
nat move nrg
nth move den
nwy move nrg
ruh support ber move kie
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev support rum
swe support den
syr support arm move smy
tri move alb
vie move bud
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
England: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bre
build Fleet edi
build Fleet kie
build Fleet stp/nc
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
England: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
alb move gre
ber support mun
bla move ank
bre move gas
bud move tri
bul move con
den support kie
edi move nrg
eng move nth
fin move swe
hel support hol move kie
hol move kie
ion support alb move gre
mar move pie
mun hold
nat support edi move nrg
nap move tys
nth move ska
nwy support swe move ska
par move pic
ruh support hol move kie
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev move arm
smy move ank
stp/nc move bar
swe move ska
syr move smy
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
Germany: fleet/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
England: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
kie move bal
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
England: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
arm support smy move ank
bal move kie
bar move nrg
ber support bal move kie
bla move ank
bul move con
bur move mun
con support aeg move smy
den support bal move kie
eng support nth
gre hold
hel support kie
ion move nap
mun support bal move kie
nat support nrg
nth support nrg
nrg support nth
nwy support bar move nrg
pic move bur
ruh support bur move mun
rum move bla
ska support nwy
smy move ank
swe support den
syr move smy
tri move ven
tys move tus
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: army/dislodged kie
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Austria: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
England: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
kie move hol
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
England: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove aeg
remove bla
build Army bud
remove eng
build Army par
remove pie
build Fleet tri
remove tun
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
arm move sev
bar move nrg
bud move vie
bul support ank move con
con hold
den support kie
gas move mar
gre move alb
hel support nth
hol move kie
mar move pie
mun support hol move kie
nat support nrg
nap move ion
nth support nrg
nrg support nth
nwy support bar move nrg
par move pic
ruh support hol move kie
rum move bla
ska support nwy
swe support den
syr move smy
tri move adr
tus support mar move pie
tyr move pie
ven move pie
vie move boh
war move sil
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
Germany: fleet/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr convoy alb move ven
alb move ven via convoy
bar support nwy
bla convoy con move sev
boh hold
bul move ser
bur support mun
con move sev via convoy
hel move den
ion move tun
kie support hel move den
mar move pie
mun support pie move tyr
nat move mid
nth support nrg move nwy
nrg move nwy
nwy hold
pic move bel
pie move tyr
ruh support mun
sev move ukr
sil support ber
ska support den
smy move con
swe support den
tus move rom
tyr move tri
ven move rom
vie support tyr
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
England: fleet tus
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet edi
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
England: fleet tus
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven
alb move tri
bar support nwy
bel move bur
ber move kie
bla convoy con move rum
boh support vie move tyr
bud support alb move tri
bur move mar
con move rum via convoy
den support ber move kie
edi move nth
hel support nth move den
kie support nth move den
mid move wes
nth move den
nrg move nwy
pie support tyr move ven
ruh support mun
ser support alb move tri
sev move ukr
sil support boh
ska support den
swe support den
tun move tys
tus move tys
tyr move ven
ukr move war
ven support vie move tyr
vie move tyr
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
bar support nwy
ber move kie
bla move con
boh support tyr
bud move vie
bur move mun
den support ber move kie
edi support nth
hel support kie
kie support mun
mar move spa
mun move tyr
nth support nrg
nrg support nth
nwy hold
pie support mun move tyr
ruh support bur move mun
rum move gal
ser move tri
sil move mun
ska support den
swe support den
tri move ven
tun hold
tus move rom
tyr support tri move ven
ukr move mos
ven move apu
war move pru
wes support tus move tys
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet mar
build Fleet sev
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu move nap
bar support nwy
ber move kie
boh support tyr
bud move tri
bur support mun
con move aeg
den support ber move kie
edi support nth
gal move war
hel support kie
ion support apu
kie support ber
mar move gol
mos move stp
mun support ber
nth support nrg
nrg support nth
nwy hold
pie move ven
pru move ber
rom move nap
ruh support mun
sev move bla
sil move mun
ska support den
spa move naf via convoy
swe support den
tri move ven
tun hold
tyr support tri move ven
ven move apu
vie support tyr
wes convoy spa move naf
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: army naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
apu support ven move rom
bar move nrg
bla move con
boh move mun
bud move tri
bur support mun
den support ber move kie
edi support nrg
hel support kie
ion support tun
kie support ber
gol move tys
naf move tun
nth support nrg
nrg support nth
nwy support bar move nrg
pie move ven
pru move ber
rom move nap
ruh support mun
sil move mun
ska move nth
stp support nwy
swe support den
tri move ven
tun hold
tyr support tri move ven
ven move rom
vie support tyr
war move pru
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army mar
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
apu support ion move nap
bar support stp move nwy
ber move kie
boh support sil move mun
bur support mun
con move aeg
den support ber move kie
edi support nrg
hel support kie
ion move nap
kie support ber
mar move pie
mun hold
nap move rom
nth support nrg
nrg support nth
nwy move nth
pie move tus
pru move ber
rom support ion move nap
ruh support mun
sil support pru move ber
ska support nwy move nth
stp move nwy
swe support den
tri support ven
tyr support ven
tys support nap move rom
ven support rom
vie support tyr
war move pru
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
apu move rom
bar move nrg
ber support tyr move mun
boh support tyr move mun
bur support mun
den hold
edi support nrg
hel support kie
ion move tys
kie support ber
mun move tyr
nap support apu move rom
nth support nrg
nrg support nth
nwy move nth
pie move ven
pru support ber
rom move tus
ruh support mun
sil support tyr move mun
ska support nwy move nth
stp move nwy
swe support den
tri support ven
tun move naf
tus move rom
tyr move mun
tys support tus move rom
ven support rom move tus
vie move tyr
wes move tun
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
France: supply mun
France: army naf
Austria: fleet nap
England: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nth move eng
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: army naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet stp/sc
build Army vie
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: army naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support ion
apu support rom
bar move nrg
ber support den move kie
boh support mun
bud move vie
den move kie
edi move nth
eng move bre
hel support kie
ion support nap move tys
kie support bur move mun
mun move ruh
naf move tun
nap support ion move tys
nth move hel
nrg support edi move nth
nwy hold
pie move mar
pru move war
rom hold
sil support boh move mun
ska support swe move den
stp/sc move bot
swe move den
tri support ven
tun move wes
tus move pie
tyr move pie
ven support tyr move pie
vie move tyr
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
England: army/dislodged kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
kie move hol
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support ion
apu move rom
bar move nwy
ber support kie
boh move mun
bot move swe
bur move gas
den support kie
edi support nrg move nth
hel support nrg move nth
ion support nap move tys
kie support mun move ruh
mar support tus move pie
mun move ruh
nap move tys
nth convoy nwy move lon
nrg move nth
nwy move lon via convoy
pie support rom move tus
rom move tus
ruh move bel
sil support boh move mun
ska support nth
tri support ven
tun move spa via convoy
tus move pie
tyr support pie
tys move gol
ven support rom move tus
vie move boh
war hold
wes convoy tun move spa
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
nth move lon
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove hol
build Army sev
build Fleet stp/sc
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support ion
bar move nrg
bel move pic
ber move kie
boh hold
bre move eng
den support ber move kie
edi move nrg
gas move bre
hel support nth
ion support tys move tun
kie move hol
lon support ska move nth
gol move spa/sc
mun move bur
nth support bre move eng
nwy move fin
pie hold
rom hold
ruh support kie move hol
sev hold
sil move ber
ska move nth
spa move por
stp/sc move bot
swe move nwy
tri move tyr
tus support pie
tyr move mun
tys move tun
ven support pie
war hold
wes move naf
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bar move nrg
ber support kie
boh hold
bot move swe
bur support pie move mar
den support kie
edi support hel move nth
eng support nth move lon
fin hold
hel move nth
ion move tys
kie support hol
lon move nth
mun support bur
nth move lon
nwy support bar move nrg
pic support ruh move bel
pie move mar
rom move tus
ruh support hol
sev hold
ska support lon move nth
tun hold
tus move pie
tyr support tus move pie
ven support tus move pie
war hold
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: army mar
France: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mar move gas
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove eng
remove hel
build Army mos
remove naf
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber support kie
boh support tyr move mun
bud move ser
bur move par
den support kie
edi support nth move nrg
fin move stp
hol support kie
ion support tys
kie support hol
lon support ska move nth
mar hold
mos move sev
mun move bur
nth move nrg
nrg move cly
nwy move nrg
pic support ruh move bel
pie support mar
ruh move bel
sev move arm
ska move nth
spa/sc move wes
swe move ska
tri move adr
tun hold
tus move rom
tyr move mun
tys support ion
ven move apu
war move ukr
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Russia: army arm
Austria: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Austria: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Russia: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr hold
apu move nap
arm move smy
bel hold
ber move pru
boh support mun
bre hold
bur support par
cly move lvp
den move kie
edi move nth
gas hold
hol hold
ion support tys
kie move ber
lon move yor
mar move spa
mun hold
nth support nwy move nrg
nrg move cly
nwy move nrg
par hold
pic support bel
pie move mar
por hold
rom support apu move nap
ser move gre
sev move rum
ska support nth
stp move mos
tun hold
tys support ion
ukr support sev move rum
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
England: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Russia: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove cly
remove gas
remove pic
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
build Army war
remove wes
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Russia: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
adr hold
bel hold
ber support pru move sil
boh hold
bre hold
bud move ser
bur move ruh
edi move nth
hol move ruh
ion support tys
kie support hol move ruh
lvp hold
mar move gas
mos move sev
mun hold
nap support rom
nth move hel
nrg move edi
par hold
por hold
pru move sil
rom support nap
rum support ukr move gal
ska move nth
smy move con
spa hold
tri move alb
tun hold
tys support ion
ukr move gal
vie move gal
war support pru move sil
yor support ska move nth
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Russia: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
adr hold
alb move gre
bel support bur
ber support sil
boh support mun
bre hold
bur support mun
con move bul
edi move nth
gal support rum move bud
gas move bre
gre move bul
hel support ruh move hol
ion move tun
kie support ber
lvp move iri
mun support boh
nap support rom
nth support ruh move hol
nrg move edi
par support gas move bre
por hold
rom support nap
ruh move hol
rum move bud
ser move bud
sev move rum
sil support war
spa hold
tun move wes
tys support ion move tun
vie support boh
war support gal
yor support nrg move edi
PHASE 1913 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Austria: army bre
France: army/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
England: fleet/dislodged edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Russia: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
bre disband
edi move cly
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Austria: army bre
Austria: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
England: fleet cly
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Russia: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
