PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move eng
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move hol
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun move bur
nap move ion
par move gas
rom move ven
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move ven
ven move pie
vie move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move bla
bot move swe
bre move eng
bul move gre
bur move bel
con move bul
gas move par
hol support bur move bel
ion move tun
kie move den
lon move eng
nth support lon move eng
pie move mar
rom move ven
ser move rum
sev move rum
spa move mar
stp move nwy
tri move alb
vie move bud
war move ukr
yor move lon
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army con
build Fleet kie
build Fleet mar
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army tri
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
bel move bur
ber move kie
bla support bul move rum
bre hold
bud support ser
bul move rum
con move bul
den hold
eng convoy lon move pic
gre support con move bul
hol support bel
kie move bal
lon move pic via convoy
mar hold
mun support bel move bur
nap move tys
nth support eng
nwy move swe
par move bur
pie move mar
ser support alb move gre
sev support ukr move rum
smy move aeg
spa move por
stp/nc move nwy
swe move ska
tri support ser
tun move wes
ukr move rum
ven hold
war hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support bul move gre
bal support den
bla move rum
bre hold
bud move rum
bul move gre
bur move par
con move bul
den hold
eng move bre
gre hold
hol move bel
kie move hol
mun move ruh
nth move bel
nwy hold
par support bre
pic support eng move bre
pie move mar
por move spa
ser support gre
sev hold
ska support swe move den
swe move den
tri hold
tys move gol
ukr support bud move rum
ven hold
war move sil
wes move mid
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
France: fleet/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bre move gas
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove gas
build Fleet lvp
build Army vie
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal support den
bla support bul move rum
bre support nth move eng
bud support rum
bul move rum
bur move bel
con move bul
den hold
gre support ser move bul
hol support bur move bel
kie move ber
lvp move iri
gol support pie move mar
mid move spa/nc
mar move gol
nth move eng
nwy support ska move nth
par hold
pic support bre
pie move mar
ruh move mun
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev move arm
sil move war
ska move nth
spa move por
swe hold
tri hold
ukr move sev
ven move tyr
vie move boh
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move bla
bal move den
bel hold
ber support mun
bla move ank
boh support bud move vie
bre move eng
bud move vie
bul support rum
con hold
den move kie
eng move lon
gre support bul
hol support bel
ion move nap
iri move nat
gol move tys
mun hold
nth move edi
nwy support swe
par hold
pic move bre
por hold
rum support bul
sev move arm
swe hold
tri support bud move vie
tyr move ven
war hold
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bre
build Army bud
build Fleet rom
build Army sev
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
bel move pic
ber move mun
boh move sil
bud move rum
bul support bud move rum
con support ank
eng move nth
gre move aeg
hol move bel
kie move ruh
lon move yor
mar move spa
mun move bur
nat move cly
nap move ion
par move bre
por move spa
rom move nap
rum move ukr
smy move aeg
spa/nc move mid
tri hold
tys support rom move nap
vie move gal
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
ank hold
arm move rum
bel move hol
bla convoy arm move rum
bre hold
bul support rum
bur move par
cly support yor move edi
con hold
den move nth
edi move nth
gal support sil move war
gre support bul
ion move gre
mid move spa/sc
mar move spa
mun move ber
nth move nrg
nwy support edi move nth
pic support bur move par
por move spa
ruh move mun
rum support bul
sev support arm move rum
sil move war
smy move aeg
swe move fin
tri hold
tys hold
ukr move mos
ven move pie
war move mos
yor move edi
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
war move lvn
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
remove aeg
remove ank
remove bla
build Army kie
remove nth
build Army ven
build Army vie
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
arm move sev
ber move pru
bul support gre
cly move nrg
den move nth
edi support nrg move nth
fin move stp
gal move ukr
gre support bul
hol support den move nth
kie move ruh
lvn support sev move mos
mid support mar move spa
mar move spa
mun move sil
nap move ion
nrg move nth
par support pic move bre
pic move bre
pie move mar
rum move sev
sev move mos
tri support vie
tys move tun
ukr move mos
ven move tyr
vie support tri
war support ukr move mos
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
France: army/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bre move gas
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bla support con move bul
bre hold
bul support rum
cly move edi
con move bul
den support hol move nth
edi move yor
gal support war
gas move spa
gre support bul
hol move nth
ion move gre
lvn move war
mid move por
mar move gas
nrg move nwy
nwy support hol move nth
par support bre
por support gas move spa
pru support lvn move war
ruh move mun
rum move sev
sev move ukr
sil support lvn move war
spa support mid move por
stp move mos
tri hold
tun move ion
tyr move ven
ukr move mos
vie move boh
war support ukr move mos
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: army/dislodged bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
bul move ser
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
remove gas
build Army kie
build Army mos
build Fleet smy
remove ukr
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
arm move sev
bla support bul
boh move tyr
bre move gas
den support nth
edi move nth
gal support rum
gre support ser move bul
kie move ruh
mid move por
mar move bur
mos support war
mun support boh move tyr
nap support tun move ion
nth hold
nrg support edi move nth
nwy move swe
par move gas
por hold
pru support war
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev move ukr
sil hold
smy move aeg
spa support mid move por
stp move nwy
tri hold
tun move ion
ven support tri move tyr
war support sev move ukr
yor move lon
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ion move alb
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support alb move gre
alb move gre
bla move con
bre move gas
bul move con
bur support tyr move mun
edi support nrg move nth
gal move ukr
gre move bul/sc
ion move eas
lon support nrg move nth
mos move lvn
nap move ion
nth move eng
nrg move nth
nwy hold
par move bur
pru support gal move war
ruh move bel
rum support gre move bul
sev support ukr
sil support gal move war
spa move gas
swe support nwy
tri move alb
tyr move tri
ukr support war
war support mos move lvn
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army con
build Fleet nap
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
alb move gre
bel move hol
bla support con move bul
bre support par move gas
bud support rum
bul support alb move gre
bur move bel
con move bul
den move nth
eas support ion move aeg
edi move nrg
eng move bel
gal move ukr
gre support con move bul
ion move aeg
lon hold
lvn support war
mun move ruh
nap move ion
nth support bur move bel
nwy move swe
par move gas
por move mid
pru move ber
rum support bul
sev move rum
sil move mun
spa move gas
swe move bal
tri hold
ukr support sev move rum
ven move tyr
war support ukr
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet/dislodged aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: army/dislodged bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
bul move ser
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
alb move gre
bal support swe move den
ber hold
bla support bul
bre move par
bud support rum
bul move ser
bur move mar
den move swe
eas support aeg move smy
eng move bel
gal move ukr
gas move par
gre move aeg
hol support eng move bel
ion support alb move gre
lon hold
lvn move stp
mid support spa move gas
mun hold
nth move nwy
nrg support nth move nwy
ruh support mun
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev move rum
smy hold
spa move gas
swe move den
tri hold
tyr move ven
ukr move gal
war support ukr move gal
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army/dislodged gal
Italy: army gas
Germany: army/dislodged gas
Austria: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: fleet/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
den disband
gal move vie
smy move con
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove con
build Fleet edi
build Army kie
build Army rom
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
bal move swe
bel move eng
ber support kie
bla support sev move rum
bre move par
bud support rum
bul support sev move rum
den move swe
eas support ion move aeg
edi move nth
gal move sil
gas support mid move bre
gre support ser move bul
ion move aeg
kie hold
lon move wal
mid move bre
mar move bur
mun support ruh move bur
nrg move bar
nwy support edi move nth
rom move ven
ruh move bur
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev hold
smy move con
stp move nwy
tri move tyr
ven move pie
vie support bud
war move pru
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support smy move con
bal support pru move ber
ber support mun
bla move con
bre move mid
bud move tri
bul support rum
bur move par
den move kie
eas move ion
eng support par move bre
gas support mar move bur
gre support bul
hol move bel
kie move hol
mar move bur
mun support ber
nth move bel
nwy support bar move stp
par move bre
pie move mar
pru move ber
rum support bul
sev hold
sil move mun
smy move con
stp move nwy
tyr support vie move boh
ven hold
vie move boh
wal move lon
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army mos
build Army rom
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
bal move swe
bar move nwy
ber hold
bla move ank
boh move mun
bre support par
bud support rum
bul support gre
bur move par
con move bla
den support bal move swe
eng move bel
gas support bur move par
gre support bul
hol support kie
ion move tys
lon hold
mid move bre
mar move bur
mos support stp
mun support kie
nth move ska
nwy move swe
par hold
rom support ven
rum support bul
sev hold
sil support ber
stp hold
tri support tyr
tyr support boh move mun
ven hold
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Germany: army/dislodged par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
par move pic
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
bar move stp/nc
ber move kie
bla move ank
bre move par
bud support rum
bul support rum
bur move pic
con support bla move ank
den support ber move kie
gas move bre
gre support bul
hol support kie
lon move nth
mid support gas move bre
mos support stp
mun support ber move kie
nwy support ska move swe
par support bur move pic
pic support bre move par
rom support ven
rum support bul
sev hold
sil move ber
ska move swe
stp support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tri support tyr
tyr support mun
tys move wes
ven hold
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet ank
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Germany: army/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank disband
kie disband
swe move bot
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bel
build Fleet lon
build Fleet nap
build Army vie
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move arm
bar move nwy
ber move sil
bot move swe
bre move pic
bud move vie
bul move con
bur move bel
con support ank move bla
den support bot move swe
gre move bul
kie move hol
lon move nth
mid move eng
mos support stp
mun hold
nap move apu
nth move hel
nwy move ska
par support bre move pic
rom support ven
rum support bul
sev hold
stp hold
swe hold
tri support vie move tyr
tyr move pie
ven support tri move tyr
vie move tyr
wes move gol
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Italy: fleet arm
Italy: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Germany: army/dislodged pic
Austria: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
England: fleet/dislodged swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
swe move bal
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Italy: fleet arm
England: fleet bal
Italy: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Austria: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu support ven
arm move bla
bal move swe
bel move ruh
bul move con
con move bla
den support kie
eng support pic move bel
gre hold
hel move den
kie support den
gol move mar
mos hold
mun move bur
nth move lon
nwy support bal move swe
par move bur
pic move bel
pie move mar
rom support ven
rum move bul
sev hold
sil move ber
ska support bal move swe
stp support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tri move ven
tyr support tri move ven
ven support tri move tyr
vie move bud
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Italy: fleet arm
Italy: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nwy move nth
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Italy: fleet arm
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove lon
build Fleet nap
build Army war
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Italy: fleet arm
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu support ven
arm hold
bel support ruh move hol
ber move kie
bud move ser
bul move con
con hold
den hold
eng hold
gre hold
hel move den
kie move ruh
gol move mar
mos move sev
mun support kie move ruh
nap move tys
nth support hel move den
nwy hold
par move bur
pie move mar
rom support ven
ruh move hol
rum move bul
sev move arm
ska support hel move den
stp support nwy
swe support hel move den
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
ven hold
war hold
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Italy: fleet arm
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu support ven
arm move sev
bel support hol
bul move con
bur support gol move mar
con move bul/sc
den support nth
eng move mid
gre hold
hol support den move kie
kie support nth move hol
gol move mar
mos move sev
mun move bur
nth support ska move nwy
nwy hold
pie move mar
rom support ven
ruh move bel
rum move bul
ser move tri
sev move arm
ska move nwy
stp support nwy
swe support ska move nwy
tri move ven
tyr support tri move ven
tys move tus
ven support tys move tus
war move sil
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Italy: fleet arm
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
Russia: fleet/dislodged nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nwy move nrg
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Italy: fleet arm
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
build Army lon
remove mos
build Army nap
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Italy: fleet arm
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu move adr
arm move sev
bel move ruh
bul move con
bur move mun
con move bul/ec
den move kie
edi move nth
gre hold
hol support den move kie
kie support ruh move hol
lon move yor
gol move mar
mid move spa/sc
mun move bur
nap move apu
nth move nwy
nrg move nat
nwy move bar
pie move tyr
rom move ven
ruh move hol
rum move bul
ser move bud
sev move arm
sil move ber
stp move nwy
swe move fin
tri support pie move tyr
tus support ven move pie
tyr move boh
ven move pie
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Italy: fleet arm
England: fleet bar
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr convoy apu move alb
apu move alb via convoy
arm hold
bar move stp/nc
bel move ruh
ber move pru
boh move tyr
bud support tri
bul move con
bur move mun
con hold
den move kie
edi move nth
fin support bar move stp
gre move alb
hol support den move kie
kie support ruh move hol
mar move gol
mun move bur
nat move mid
nth move nwy
pie support ven
ruh move hol
rum move ser
sev move arm
spa/sc move mid
stp move nwy
tri support tyr move ven
tus move tys
tyr move ven
ven support bud move tri
yor move lvp
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Italy: fleet arm
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army/dislodged stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
stp move mos
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Italy: fleet arm
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army lon
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
remove ruh
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Italy: fleet arm
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
apu move ven
arm move sev
bel move ruh
boh move mun
bud support tri
bul move con
bur support bel move ruh
con move bul/sc
den move kie
edi move nth
fin move bot
gre move bul
hol support den move kie
kie move hol
lon hold
lvp hold
gol move wes
mos move stp
mun move bur
nap move apu
nth move hel
pie support ven move tyr
pru move lvn
rom support apu move ven
ser move alb
sev move arm
spa/sc move mid
stp/nc hold
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
tys move ion
ven move tyr
PHASE 1913 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Italy: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Italy: fleet arm
Italy: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army/dislodged kie
England: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army/dislodged tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
kie move ber
tyr move vie
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Italy: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Italy: fleet arm
Italy: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
alb support tri
apu move ion
arm hold
ber support mun
boh support vie move tyr
bot support stp/nc
bud support tri
bul move con
bur support tyr move mun
con hold
gre support alb
hel move den
hol support kie
ion move aeg
lon move nwy via convoy
lvn move stp
lvp hold
mid hold
mos support lvn move stp
mun support vie move tyr
nth convoy lon move nwy
pie move tyr
rom move ven
ruh support tyr move mun
stp/nc hold
tri support vie move tyr
tyr move mun
ven move tri
vie move tyr
wes move tys
PHASE 1913 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Italy: supply ank
Italy: fleet arm
Italy: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Austria: army/dislodged mun
Austria: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mun disband
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Italy: supply ank
Italy: fleet arm
Italy: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army lon
remove nat
build Army nap
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Italy: supply ank
Italy: fleet arm
Italy: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move alb
aeg support nap move gre
alb support tri
arm move sev
ber move kie
boh move mun
bot support stp/nc
bud support tri
bul move con
bur move mun
con move bul/sc
den move bal
gre move bul
hol hold
ion convoy nap move gre
kie move ber
lon move den via convoy
lvn move pru
lvp move yor
mid move bre
mos move stp
mun move sil
nap move gre via convoy
nth convoy lon move den
nwy move swe
pie support ven move tyr
rom move ven
ruh support bur move mun
sev move arm
stp/nc hold
tyr move ven
tys move wes
ven move tyr
PHASE 1914 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Italy: supply ank
Italy: fleet arm
England: fleet bal
Italy: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gre
Austria: army/dislodged gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army/dislodged tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
gre move ser
tyr move vie
PHASE 1914 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Italy: supply ank
Italy: fleet arm
England: fleet bal
Italy: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
aeg support gre
alb support ser move gre
arm move sev
bal convoy den move ber
ber move pru
boh move tyr
bot convoy swe move lvn
bre move pic
bud support tri
bul support ser move gre
con move bul/ec
den move ber via convoy
gre support con move bul
ion support gre
kie support den move ber
mos move war
mun support den move ber
nth convoy yor move den
pie move ven
pru move lvn
ruh move bel
ser move gre
sev hold
sil support den move ber
stp/nc hold
swe move lvn via convoy
tri support boh move tyr
tyr support ven move tri
ven move tri
vie support boh move tyr
wes move mid
yor move den via convoy
PHASE 1914 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Italy: supply ank
Italy: fleet arm
England: fleet bal
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
England: fleet bot
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove alb
build Fleet lon
build Army nap
build Army rom
PHASE 1915 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
Italy: fleet arm
England: fleet bal
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
England: fleet bot
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg convoy nap move bul
arm move sev
bal support ber
bel move ruh
ber support den move kie
bot convoy swe move stp
bud support ser
bul move gre
con support nap move bul
den move kie
gre support nap move bul
hol hold
ion convoy nap move bul
kie move hel
lon move eng
mid move bre
mun support pie move tyr
nap move bul via convoy
nth support lon move eng
pic move bel
pie move tyr
pru move lvn
rom move apu
ser support bul move gre
sev hold
sil move gal
stp/nc move nwy
swe move stp via convoy
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
ven support pie move tyr
vie support tri
war support pru move lvn
PHASE 1915 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Italy: fleet arm
England: fleet bal
Italy: fleet bel
Italy: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
England: fleet bot
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Austria: army gre
Italy: army/dislodged gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army/dislodged tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gre move alb
tyr move boh
PHASE 1915 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Italy: fleet arm
England: fleet bal
Italy: fleet bel
Italy: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Austria: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
aeg support ion move gre
alb move ser
apu move ven
bal support ber move kie
bel support hol
ber move kie
boh move tyr
bot move stp/sc
bre move eng
bud support tri
bul support alb move ser
con move bla
eng move bel
gal move bud
gre move bul
hel support kie move hol
hol support bel
ion move gre
kie move hol
lvn move mos
mun move boh
nth support kie move hol
nwy move ska
ruh support hol
ser support gre move bul
sev support lvn move mos
stp move lvn
tri support boh move tyr
tyr move vie
ven move tri
vie support boh move tyr
war support lvn move mos
PHASE 1915 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Italy: supply ank
Italy: fleet arm
England: fleet bal
Italy: fleet bel
Italy: supply bel
England: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
Italy: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army/dislodged tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
tyr move mun
PHASE 1915 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Italy: supply ank
Italy: fleet arm
England: fleet bal
Italy: fleet bel
Italy: supply bel
England: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet lon
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
PHASE 1916 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Italy: supply ank
Italy: fleet arm
England: fleet bal
Italy: fleet bel
Italy: supply bel
England: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg move ion
alb support tri move ser
arm move sev
bal move ber
bel move eng
bla support gal move rum
boh move sil
bre move mid
bud support tyr move tri
bul support tri move ser
eng move mid
gal move rum
gre support alb
hel move kie
hol move bel
kie move ruh
lon move eng
lvn move pru
mos support war move lvn
mun support ruh move kie
nap move tys
nth support hol move bel
rom move ven
ruh move kie
ser support tyr move tri
sev move arm
ska move den
tri move ser
tyr move tri
ven move pie
vie support tyr move tri
war move lvn
PHASE 1916 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Italy: supply ank
Italy: fleet arm
England: army bel
Italy: fleet/dislodged bel
Italy: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
England: army/dislodged kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move pic
kie move hol
PHASE 1916 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Italy: supply ank
Italy: fleet arm
England: army bel
Italy: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support alb move tri
alb move tri
arm move sev
bel hold
ber support den move kie
bla support arm move sev
bre move mid
bul support ser
den move kie
eng move iri
gre move alb
hel support den move kie
hol support den move kie
ion move tys
kie move ber
lon move eng
lvn move war
mos support lvn move war
mun support kie move ber
nth support lon move eng
pic move bre
pie move mar
pru support ber
rum support arm move sev
ser support alb move tri
sev move rum
sil support kie move ber
stp/sc move lvn
tys move wes
ven support alb move tri
PHASE 1916 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet alb
Italy: supply ank
England: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Italy: army ber
England: fleet/dislodged ber
England: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Italy: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber disband
sev disband
PHASE 1916 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet alb
Italy: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Italy: fleet sev
Italy: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
