PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move pru
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mos move ukr
mun hold
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move bla
bot move swe
bul move gre
con move bul
edi move bel via convoy
gal support ukr move rum
kie move hol
mun move ruh
nth convoy edi move bel
nrg move nwy
pru move ber
ser support alb move gre
sev move bla
tri move ven
ukr move rum
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army edi
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/sc
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
bel move pic
ber hold
bud hold
bul move gre
con move bul
edi move nwy via convoy
gal move rum
gre move aeg
hol hold
kie move den
lon move eng
mos move stp
nth convoy edi move nwy
nwy move ska
ruh move bel
rum move bul
ser support rum
sev move bla
smy move aeg
stp/sc move fin
swe support kie move den
tri move ven
vie support tri
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
bel hold
ber move kie
bud hold
bul move gre
con move bul
den support swe
eng support pic move bre
fin move bot
gal move rum
gre move aeg
hol hold
nth support nwy
nwy hold
pic move bre
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sev move bla
ska support nwy
smy move aeg
stp move fin
swe hold
tri move ven
vie move tyr
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
England: army bre
France: fleet/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
build Army mun
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army war
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
bel move pic
ber move pru
bot move bal
bre move pic
bud move ser
bul hold
con move bul
eng move bel
fin support swe
gre move ion
nth support nwy
rum support bul
ser move gre
sev move bla
ska support nwy
smy move aeg
stp/nc move bar
swe support den
tri move ven
tyr support tri
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: fleet pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank move bla
bal move swe
bar move nrg
bel move pic
bre move pic
bul hold
con move bul
eng support bre move pic
fin support swe move nwy
ion move eas
kie move ruh
nth support ska move nwy
nwy move stp
pru hold
rum support bul
sev move bla
ska move nwy
swe move nwy
tri move ven
tyr support tri move ven
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Germany: fleet pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Germany: fleet pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bal
build Army bud
build Army edi
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Germany: fleet pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
bel hold
bud move vie
bul move con
con move smy
den hold
eas move smy
edi hold
eng move mid
fin support swe move nwy
hol hold
ion move tun
mun hold
nth support ska move nwy
nrg support swe move nwy
pic hold
pru move lvn
ruh move bur
rum move bul
sev move bla
ska move nwy
stp move fin
swe move nwy
tyr move ven
ven move apu
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
apu move rom
bel hold
bla support bul move con
bul move con
con move smy
den hold
eas move smy
edi hold
fin move stp
gre move alb
hol hold
lvn support fin move stp
mid move spa/nc
nth support ska move nwy
nrg move nwy
pic move bre
rum move bul
ser move tri
ska move nwy
stp move mos
swe support nrg move nwy
tun hold
ven move rom
vie move boh
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet lvp
build Army sev
build Army smy
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank support smy move con
apu support ven move rom
bel move pic
bla support bul move con
bre hold
bul move con
bur move gas
con move smy
eas support con move smy
edi hold
hol move bel
lvn hold
lvp move nat
mos move war
mun move bur
nth support ska move nwy
nrg support stp move nwy
sev move mos
ska move nwy
smy move con
spa/nc move mid
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri move vie
tun move ion
ven move rom
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Austria: army rom
Italy: army/dislodged rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank support smy move con
apu move nap
bel support nth
bla support con move ank
boh move sil
bre move por via convoy
bul move con
con move ank
eas move smy
edi move hol via convoy
gas move spa
ion move aeg
mid convoy bre move por
mos hold
nat move nrg
nth convoy edi move hol
nrg move nth
nwy hold
pic support bur
rom move nap
ska move nwy
smy move con
swe support nwy
vie move gal
war hold
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: army por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: army por
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
remove aeg
build Army bud
build Fleet sev
build Fleet stp/nc
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: army por
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
ank move smy
apu support rom move nap
arm move ank
bel support pic
bla move arm
bul move con
bur hold
eas support ank move smy
gal move ukr
hol move bel
lvn move pru
mid support por move spa
mos move war
nat move nrg
nth support nat move nrg
nrg convoy nwy move cly
nwy move cly via convoy
pic move par
por move spa
rom move nap
sev support bla move arm
sil support mos move war
ska move nwy
smy support arm move ank
stp/nc move nwy
swe support stp/nc move nwy
war move pru
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Italy: fleet/dislodged nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet/dislodged nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Turkey: army/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
Germany: army/dislodged spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
England: army/dislodged war
England: supply war
ORDERS
nrg move cly
smy move syr
war move gal
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
apu move ven
arm move ank
bel move eng
bud support ukr move gal
cly move lvp
con support arm move ank
den move hol
eas support smy
gal move vie
gre move ser
hol move kie
mid move iri
nap hold
nth support ska move den
nrg move nat
nwy hold
pic move bre
sev move rum
sil move ber
ska move den
smy hold
spa hold
stp/nc support nwy
swe support nwy
syr move smy
ukr move gal
war hold
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
Russia: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Austria: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
England: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
England: army vie
England: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet lon
remove lvn
build Army mos
build Fleet sev
remove syr
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
England: army vie
England: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bla move con
bre support bur move par
bud move vie
bur move par
con move bul
eas move ion
eng move iri
gal support bud move vie
iri move mid
lon move eng
lvp hold
mos move war
nat move lvp
nap move rom
nth support lon move eng
nwy hold
rum move bla
ser move tri
sev support rum move bla
smy move ank
spa move gas
stp/nc move bar
swe hold
tri move adr
ven move tyr
vie move boh
war move sil
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Turkey: fleet/dislodged bla
England: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: army/dislodged par
France: supply par
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
England: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bla disband
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
England: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
ank move con
bar move nrg
ber support sil move mun
bla move bul/ec
boh move mun
bre hold
bul move rum
den move swe
eng move bre
gas move par
ion move tun
iri move mid
kie support boh move mun
lvp hold
mid support eng move bre
nat move nrg
nth move bel
nwy hold
par support bre
sev move bla
sil move mun
smy hold
swe move den
tyr move pie
war move sil
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet stp/nc
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bar move nrg
bel move pic
ber support sil move mun
bla move con
boh move mun
bre hold
bul/ec hold
con move aeg
eng move bre
gal move boh
gas move par
ion move tys
iri move eng
kie support boh move mun
lvp hold
mid support eng move bre
nat move nrg
nwy hold
par support bre
pie support tri move tyr
rom move tus
rum hold
sil move mun
smy hold
stp/nc move bar
swe hold
tri move tyr
tun move wes
vie support gal move boh
war move sil
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: fleet pic
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bar move nrg
ber move kie
boh move mun
bre hold
bud move vie
bul/ec move con
con move aeg
den support kie
eng move lon
gas move spa
kie support den
mid move por
nat move nrg
nwy support swe
par hold
pic move eng
pie move mar
rum hold
sil hold
stp/nc move bar
swe move den
tus move pie via convoy
tyr support boh move mun
vie move tyr
war move gal
wes move gol
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army edi
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bar move nrg
con move aeg
den support kie
edi move yor
eng move nth
gal hold
ion move tys
kie hold
lon hold
lvp move iri
nat move nrg
nwy move swe
par hold
rum hold
sil move war
smy move con
spa hold
stp/nc move bar
swe move nwy
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bar move nrg
con move aeg
den support kie
gal move bud
ion move nap
iri move lvp
kie hold
nat move lvp
nth support yor move lon
nwy move swe
rum support gal move bud
stp/nc move nwy
swe move ska
war move gal
yor move lon
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
Germany: fleet/dislodged lon
Germany: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Russia: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
