PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move pic
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move ven
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move ven
ven move tri
vie move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bla move con
bot move swe
bul move gre
bur support pic move bel
con move bul
ion move tun
kie support ruh move hol
nth move ska
nrg move nwy
pic move bel
rom move ven
ruh move hol
rum support ukr move sev
ser support bul move gre
spa move por
tri move ven
ukr move sev
ven move tyr
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
build Fleet ber
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army smy
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move bal
bul move rum
bur move ruh
con move aeg
den move nth
gal support ser move rum
hol move bel
kie move mun
lon move nth
mar move gol
mos move ukr
mun move boh
nap move apu
nwy support lon move nth
par move bur
por move spa
rom move ven
rum support sev
ser move rum
sev support mos move ukr
ska support nwy
smy move arm
stp/nc move bar
swe hold
tri move ven
tun move ion
tyr support rom move ven
vie move tyr
war support mos move ukr
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
apu move adr
arm move sev
bal move swe
bel move hol
bla support bul move rum
boh support tyr move vie
bul move rum
bur move mun
den move kie
gal move rum
hol move ruh
ion support apu move adr
mun support hol move ruh
nth support bel move hol
nwy support ska move swe
rom move ven
ruh move kie
rum move ser
sev move rum
ska move swe
spa move gas
swe support ska move den
tri move adr
tyr move vie
ukr support sev move rum
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
swe disband
vie move bud
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
build Fleet nap
build Fleet stp/nc
remove tri
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support gre
apu move adr
arm move sev
bal support mun move kie
bar support stp/nc move nwy
bla move rum
boh move sil
bud support gal move vie
bul support bla move rum
bur move mun
den move ska
gal move vie
gas move bur
gre support bul
hol move kie
ion move eas
lon move yor
gol hold
mar move spa/sc
mun move kie
nap move ion
nth support nwy
nwy hold
ruh support hol move kie
ser move tri
sev support ukr
stp/nc move nwy
swe move bal
ukr support sev
ven support vie move tri
vie move tri
war move gal
yor move lvp
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
adr support tri
aeg move smy
arm move sev
bal move swe
bar move nrg
bud move tri
bul support gre
bur move mun
eas support ion move aeg
gal move bud
gas move bur
gre hold
ion move aeg
lvp move yor
mun hold
nth move den
nwy hold
ruh support bur move mun
rum support arm move sev
ser support bud move tri
sev support ukr
sil support mun
ska support bal move swe
stp/nc move nwy
swe move ska
tri hold
ukr support sev
ven support tri
vie support bud move tri
yor move edi
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
England: fleet/dislodged swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
swe move bot
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Fleet con
remove gal
remove mun
build Army par
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr support tri
aeg hold
arm move sev
bot move stp/sc
bre move mid
bud move tri
bul hold
bur move mun
con support smy
den move ska
edi move nrg
gas move mar
gre hold
kie move ber
gol move tys
nrg move nwy
nwy support edi move nrg
par move bur
ruh support bur move mun
rum support arm move sev
ser support bud move tri
sev support ukr
smy hold
spa/sc move wes
stp/nc support nrg move nwy
swe move bal
tri hold
ukr support sev
ven support tri
vie support bud move tri
yor move edi
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet/dislodged nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
nrg move cly
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move apu
aeg move smy
arm move sev
bot move stp/sc
bud move tri
bul support rum
con move bla
den move ska
eas support aeg move smy
edi move lvp
gre support bul
mid move wes
mar move pie
mun support ber
nrg move edi
nwy support bot move stp
ruh move kie
rum support arm move sev
ser support bud move tri
sev support ukr
smy hold
tri move ven
tys move nap
ukr support sev
ven move rom
vie support bud move tri
wes move tun
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: fleet/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet/dislodged stp/nc
England: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
smy move con
stp/nc disband
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: fleet ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove apu
remove arm
remove bal
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Army lon
build Fleet mar
build Army par
remove ska
remove ven
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: fleet ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move pru
bla move arm
bre move mid
bud move gal
bul move rum
bur move mun
con move aeg
den move nth
eas move aeg
edi move cly
gre hold
kie move ber
lon move yor
lvp support edi move cly
mar move gol
mun move boh
nap move rom
nwy move swe
par move bur
pie move ven
rom move ven
rum move bla
sev support ukr move rum
sil move war
smy support eas move aeg
stp/sc move bot
tri move ven
tun move ion
ukr move rum
vie move tyr
wes move tys
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Russia: fleet/dislodged cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
cly move nrg
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
arm move sev
ber move sil
bla support bul
bot move bal
bul support bla move rum
bur move mun
cly move nrg
gal move ukr
gre hold
lvp move edi
gol move tys
mid move wes
mun move tyr
nap support tys move apu
nth convoy yor move nwy
nrg move nth
pie support mun move tyr
rom support pie move ven
rum support sev
ser move bud
sev support rum
smy move con
swe support yor move nwy
tri move vie
tyr support rom move ven
tys move rom
war move mos
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Austria: army/dislodged tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
tyr move ven
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bla
build Army lon
build Army par
remove rom
build Army tri
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support smy move con
arm move bla
boh move gal
bud move ser
bul support gre move ser
cly move nrg
con move smy
gre move ser
lon move den via convoy
gol move tys
mos move stp
mun move boh
nap support tys move rom
nth convoy lon move den
nrg move bar
nwy move stp
par move bur
pie move ven
rum support sev
sev support rum
sil move war
smy move con
swe move nwy
tri support ven
tyr support pie move ven
tys move rom
ukr move war
ven support tri
vie move boh
wes move tun
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Turkey: fleet/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet pru
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
con move ank
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet pru
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support con
ank move con
bal convoy den move lvn
bar move stp/nc
bla support ank move con
bud move ser
bul move gre
bur move bel
con support rum move bul
den move lvn via convoy
edi move den via convoy
gal move war
ion move gre
mos support bar move stp
mun move boh
nap move apu
nth convoy edi move den
nrg hold
nwy move stp
pie move ven
pru move ber
rum move bul
sev move rum
sil support mun move boh
swe move bot
tri support bud move ser
tun move ion
tyr support pie move ven
tys move nap
ukr move gal
ven move pie
vie move tyr
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: fleet ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ser move alb
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: fleet ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
ORDERS
remove alb
build Fleet mar
remove nth
build Army par
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: fleet ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
ank support bla move con
apu move adr
bal convoy den move pru
bel move ruh
bla move con
boh support sil move gal
bot support nwy move stp
bul move gre
con move bul/sc
den move pru via convoy
gal support mos move war
ion move gre
lvn move mos
mar move gol
mos move war
nrg move bar
nwy move stp
par move bur
pie move ven
rum move ukr
ser move bud
sev support mos
sil move gal
stp/nc move nwy
tri support ven
tyr support pie move ven
war support sil move gal
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: fleet ber
France: supply ber
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gal
Austria: army/dislodged gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
ORDERS
bul move rum
gal move rum
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: fleet ber
France: supply ber
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
ORDERS
adr support pie move ven
aeg move con
ank move con
bal move den
bar move nrg
boh move vie
bot move swe
bud support vie
bul/sc support aeg move con
bur move mar
con move smy
gal support boh move vie
ion move eas
lvn move mos
gol move tys
mos hold
pie move ven
pru move lvn
ruh move mun
sev move mos
stp support lvn move mos
tri support ven move tyr
tun move ion
tyr support boh move vie
ukr support sev move mos
ven move tyr
vie support bud
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: fleet ber
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: army/dislodged tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
ORDERS
tyr move pie
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: fleet ber
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
ORDERS
build Army lon
build Army par
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: fleet ber
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
ank move con
boh move vie
bud move rum
bul/sc support con
con support bul/sc
den move nth
eas support ion move aeg
gal support boh move vie
ion move aeg
lvn move mos
mos support ukr move war
mun support pie move tyr
nap move apu
nrg move nat
pie move tyr
pru move lvn
sev support mos
smy support ank move con
stp support lvn move mos
swe move nwy
tri move ser
tyr move tri
tys move ion
ukr move war
ven move tri
vie move gal
war support lvn move mos
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
France: supply bel
France: fleet ber
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Austria: army/dislodged tyr
Russia: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
ORDERS
tyr move ven
vie move bud
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
France: supply bel
France: fleet ber
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tyr move ven
aeg move gre
ank support smy move con
bud support rum
bul/sc support con
con support bul/sc
gal support vie move bud
ion support aeg move gre
lvn support stp move mos
mar move pie
mos support ukr move war
mun move tyr
nat move mid
nth move eng
nwy move nth
par move bur
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev support mos
smy move con
stp move mos
tri support vie move bud
tyr move ven
ukr support mos
ven move rom
vie move bud
war support lvn move mos
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
France: supply bel
France: fleet ber
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
France: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet/dislodged bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Italy: fleet/dislodged con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gal
France: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
Austria: army/dislodged ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
ORDERS
bud move ser
bul/sc move aeg
con move bla
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
France: supply bel
France: fleet ber
France: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
ORDERS
