PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie via convoy
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move hol
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move apu
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move ven
ven move tri
vie move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
apu move tun
bla support con move bul
bot move swe
bul move gre
con move bul
eng move bre
ion convoy apu move tun
kie move den
mid move por
nth convoy yor move nwy
pic move bre
ruh move bel
rum hold
ser support rum
spa hold
tri move alb
ukr move sev
ven move tri
vie move tri
war hold
yor move nwy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Army con
build Fleet edi
build Army kie
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army stp
build Army tri
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb support ion move gre
ank move arm
bel hold
bla move rum
bre move eng
bul move ser
con support bul
edi move nrg
eng move lon
gre support tun move alb
hol support bel
ion move gre
kie move mun
mos move sev
mun move tyr
nap move ion
nth support nwy
nwy hold
par support pic move bur
pic move bur
por move mid
rum move bul/ec
ser support rum move bul
sev move rum
spa move mar
stp hold
swe hold
tri support ser
tun hold
ven move tyr
vie move bud
war hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move ion
arm move sev
bla support con move bul
bud move rum
bur move ruh
con move bul
eng move iri
gre support bul/ec
ion move eas
lon hold
mid move nat
mar move bur
mos support sev
nth move ska
nrg move bar
nwy hold
par move pic
ser support bud move rum
sev hold
stp move fin
tri move tyr
tun hold
ven support tri move tyr
war hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army rom
build Army vie
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move smy
bar move stp/nc
bel hold
ber support mun
bla support con move bul
bul/ec hold
bur support ruh move bel
con move bul
den hold
eas convoy tun move syr
fin support swe
gre move aeg
hol move bel
ion convoy tun move syr
iri move wal
lon move eng
mos move stp
mun hold
nat move cly
nwy move swe
pic support ruh move bel
rom move apu
ruh move bel
rum support sev
ser support bul/ec
sev hold
ska support nwy move swe
swe hold
tun move syr
tyr move boh
ven move tyr
vie support tyr move boh
war move lvn
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support apu move smy
apu move smy
bar move stp/nc
bel support bur move ruh
ber move sil
bla support con move bul
boh move sil
bul/ec hold
bur move ruh
cly move edi
con move bul
eas convoy apu move smy
eng move mid
fin move nwy
hol hold
ion convoy apu move smy
kie move ruh
lvn move pru
mos move stp
nwy move swe
pic move bre
rum support bul/ec
ser support rum
sev hold
ska support nwy move swe
smy move con
swe support fin move nwy
syr support apu move smy
tyr support vie move boh
vie move boh
wal move lvp
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Italy: army smy
Turkey: army/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
smy move ank
swe move fin
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove ank
remove bar
build Army mar
build Fleet nap
build Army par
remove swe
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support ser move bul
bel support ruh move hol
bla move ank
boh support tyr move mun
bre move pic
bul/ec move con
con support bla move ank
eas move ion
edi move nth
fin move swe
ion move tun
lvp move wal
mid move wes
mar move spa
mos move war
nap move tys
nwy support fin move swe
par move bur
pru move ber
ruh move hol
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev support syr move arm
ska move nth
smy move ank
syr move arm
tyr move mun
vie move gal
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: fleet/dislodged hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support smy move con
arm support rum move sev
bel support bur move ruh
bla support con move bul
boh support mun
bul support smy move con
bur move ruh
con move bul
edi move nth
gal move rum
hol support bur move ruh
ion move tun
mun hold
pic move bur
rum move sev
sev move ukr
ska move nth
spa hold
tun move wes
tys support tun move wes
wal move lon
war move sil
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: army/dislodged bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
England: fleet/dislodged wes
ORDERS
bul move ser
wes move gol
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
remove gol
build Fleet mar
build Army par
remove ska
build Army ven
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support ser move bul
ank support bla move con
arm move ank
bla move con
boh support mun
bre move mid
bud move gal
bul move gre
bur move ruh
edi move nrg
hol support ruh move kie
lon move nth
mar move gol
mun move ruh
par move bur
pru support sil move ber
ruh move kie
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev support rum
sil move ber
smy support arm move ank
spa hold
swe move den
tun move naf
tys move gol
ukr move gal
ven move pie
wes move mid
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support bul
ank support smy move con
bel move den
ber move mun
boh support mun
bre move eng
bud move ser
bul support bud move ser
bur support ber move mun
con move bul/sc
gre support con move bul
hol move ruh
kie support bel move den
mar support spa
mun support ber move kie
naf move mid
nth convoy bel move den
nrg move nat
nwy support swe
par move gas
pie move mar
pru move ber
rum move ukr
sev support rum move ukr
smy move con
spa support mar
swe support nwy
tys move gol
ukr move mos
wes support naf move mid
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Turkey: fleet/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
con move bla
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bla
build Fleet bre
build Army ven
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank move arm
ber move mun
boh move gal
bre move mid
bul move gre
bur support mar
con move ank
eng move iri
gas move spa
kie support ber move mun
gol support pie move mar
mid move gas
mar support gas move spa
mos support war
mun move bur
nat support bre move mid
nth move eng
nwy move stp
pie move mar
pru move ber
ruh support ber move mun
ser support bul move gre
sev move mos
spa move por
swe move ska
ukr support sev move mos
ven move pie
vie support boh move gal
war support mos
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Turkey: army/dislodged gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: fleet/dislodged mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Italy: army/dislodged mun
Italy: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
gre move alb
mid move naf
mun move sil
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move tri
ank hold
arm hold
ber move sil
bur move mar
eng move mid
gal support sil move war
gas support por move spa
ion move tys
iri support eng move mid
gol support wes move spa
mid support por move spa
mar support wes move spa
mos support war
mun support ber move sil
naf move mid
nat support eng move mid
pie support mar
por move spa
ruh move bur
ser move tri
sev move mos
sil move war
ska move swe
stp support mos
ukr support sev move mos
vie move tri
war support mos
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
war move lvn
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove alb
build Army par
build Army tri
build Army ven
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank hold
arm hold
bur move ruh
den move swe
eng support mid
gal support vie move boh
gas support por move spa
gre move ser
iri support mid
kie move ber
lvn move war
gol support mar move spa
mid support por move spa
mar move spa
mos support lvn move war
mun support kie move ber
naf move mid
nat support mid
par move pic
pie move mar
por move spa
ruh move kie
ser move bud
sev support war move mos
sil support lvn move war
stp support mos
swe move bot
tri support ven move tyr
tys hold
ukr support war move mos
ven move tyr
vie move boh
war move mos
wes support mar move spa
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
France: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Italy: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
mos move lvn
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
France: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Italy: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank hold
arm hold
ber support ruh move mun
boh move sil
bud move gal
eng move mid
gal move war
gas support mid move spa
iri support eng move mid
kie support ruh move mun
lvn move mos
gol support spa
mid move spa/sc
mar support spa
mos hold
mun move bur
naf support wes move mid
nat support eng move mid
pic move bur
por support mid move spa
ruh move mun
ser move bud
sev support mos
sil support ruh move mun
spa support mar
stp support lvn move mos
tri move tyr
tyr move pie
tys hold
ukr support gal move war
war support lvn move mos
wes move mid
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
France: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Italy: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
war move pru
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
France: army swe
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
remove lvn
build Army par
remove pru
build Army rom
remove sil
remove stp
build Army vie
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
France: army swe
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move arm
arm move sev
ber support mun
boh support gal move sil
bot support stp
bre support mid
bud move gal
eng move nth
gal move sil
gas support por move spa
iri support mid
kie support mun
gol convoy rom move mar
mid support por move spa
mar move gas
mos move lvn
mun support par move bur
naf move mid
nat move nrg
par move bur
pic move bel
pie support rom move mar
por move spa
rom move mar
sev move mos
spa support mar move gas
swe move fin
tyr move mun
tys convoy rom move mar
ukr move war
vie move tyr
war move pru
wes support spa
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Italy: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Italy: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move sev
bel move nwy via convoy
ber support mun
boh support sil move mun
bot support stp
bre move mid
bur support mun
fin support stp
gal move sil
gas move mar
iri support bre move mid
kie support mun
lvn move stp
gol support spa
mid move nat
mar move bur
mos support lvn move stp
mun support ber
naf move mid
nth convoy bel move nwy
nrg move bar
pie hold
por move spa
pru move ber
rom hold
sev move ukr
sil move mun
spa hold
stp support lvn
tyr support sil move mun
tys hold
vie move gal
war support gal move sil
wes support spa
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Italy: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Italy: supply mos
Austria: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun move ruh
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Italy: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bot
build Army vie
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Italy: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
bar support nwy move stp
ber move mun
boh move mun
bur support ber move mun
fin support nwy move stp
gal move war
gas support por move spa
iri support mid
kie support ber move mun
lvn support mos move stp
gol support spa
mid support por move spa
mar hold
mos move stp
mun move kie
naf move mid
nat support mid
nth move den
nwy move stp
pie support mar
por move spa
pru move ber
rom hold
ruh support ber move mun
sev hold
sil support pru move ber
spa support mar
tyr support boh move mun
tys hold
ukr hold
vie move boh
war move pru
wes support spa
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Italy: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
France: army stp
Russia: supply stp
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
bar support stp
ber support tyr move mun
boh support tyr move mun
bur support mun
den support kie
fin support stp
gas move mar
iri support mid
kie support mun
lvn support mos move stp
gol support spa
mid support por move spa
mar move bur
mos move stp
mun move sil
naf move mid
nat support mid
pie move mar
por move spa
pru support ber
rom hold
ruh support mun
sev hold
sil support tyr move mun
spa hold
tyr move mun
tys hold
ukr hold
vie move tyr
war hold
wes support spa
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Italy: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
France: army stp
France: supply stp
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army par
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Italy: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
France: army stp
France: supply stp
France: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
bar support stp
ber support mun
boh support mun
bur support gas move mar
den support kie
fin support stp
gas move mar
iri support mid
kie support ruh
lvn hold
gol support spa
mid support por move spa
mar hold
mos hold
mun hold
naf move mid
nat support mid
par move pic
pie support mar
por move spa
rom hold
ruh hold
sev hold
sil support ber
spa hold
tri hold
tyr support mun
tys hold
ukr hold
vie hold
war hold
wes support spa
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Italy: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
France: army stp
France: supply stp
France: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
