PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move pru
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move war
mun move tyr
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move ven
sev move rum
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
tri move adr
ven move tyr
vie move tri
war move sil
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move tri
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
bot move swe
den move swe
ion move tun
mid move spa/sc
mun move ber
nth convoy yor move nwy
nrg move bar
pic move bel
pru move lvn
rom support ven
rum move bul/ec
ser move gre
sil move war
spa move por
tri move ser
war move ukr
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Army con
build Army edi
build Army kie
build Fleet mar
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bar support nwy move stp
bel move bur
ber move pru
bla support bul move rum
bot move bal
bre move mid
bud move tri
bul move rum
con move bul
den move swe
edi move nwy
kie move hol
lvn support ber move pru
mar move gol
nth convoy edi move nwy
nwy move stp
par move gas
por move spa
rom move ven
rum move sev
sev move mos
smy move aeg
spa/sc move wes
tri move adr
ukr support rum move sev
ven move tyr
vie move tyr
war move mos
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army/dislodged sev
Russia: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
sev move arm
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support bul
arm move sev
bal move den
bar move nwy
bla support arm move sev
bul support rum
gas move mar
gre move alb
hol move bel
lvn move war
gol convoy spa move tus
mid move naf
nap move tys
nth hold
nwy move fin
pru support lvn move war
rom support ven
rum support arm move sev
ser move bud
sev support ukr move rum
spa move tus via convoy
stp move mos
swe hold
tun support nap move tys
ukr move rum
vie move tyr
war move mos
wes support mid move naf
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
war move sil
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove den
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Army mun
build Fleet smy
remove tus
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
aeg move ion
bel move bur
bud move vie
bul move rum
bur move pic
fin move swe
kie support mun
lon move nth
gol support wes
mar move bur
naf move tun
nth move hel
nwy support fin move swe
pru move sil
rom support ven
rum move ukr
sev support rum move ukr
sil support tyr move mun
smy move aeg
stp move mos
swe move den
tri move ven
tyr move mun
tys move wes
ukr move gal
war support stp move mos
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
aeg move ion
bel support kie move hol
bla move con
den move nth
gal move war
hel support swe move den
ion move nap
kie move hol
gol support wes
mar move bur
mun move ruh
naf move tun
nth support swe move den
nwy move swe
pic support mar move bur
pru support war
rom move nap
sev move mos
sil support gal move war
swe move den
tri move ven
tun move ion
tyr support tri move ven
tys move wes
ukr support sev move mos
vie move boh
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
England: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
den move kie
mos move stp
ven move pie
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army edi
remove gal
build Fleet lon
remove sil
remove tun
build Army vie
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr convoy alb move apu
aeg move ion
alb move apu via convoy
ank move arm
bel support ruh move bur
boh move mun
bur support pic move bel
con move aeg
den move kie
hel support nth move hol
hol support kie
ion move apu
kie support hol
lon move nth
gol move mar
mos support ukr move war
naf move tun
nth move hol
pic move bel
pie move ven
pru support war
rom support pie move ven
ruh move bur
rum move gal
stp move mos
swe move bot
tyr support ven
tys move tun
ukr move war
ven hold
vie move boh
war hold
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr convoy alb move apu
aeg move ion
alb move apu via convoy
arm move sev
bel support ruh move hol
boh support mun
bur support pic move bel
con move aeg
den support hol move kie
edi move hol via convoy
gal support ukr move war
hel support edi move hol
hol move kie
ion move nap
kie support ruh move hol
mar hold
mos support ukr move war
mun hold
nth convoy edi move hol
pic move bel
pie move ven
pru move ber
rom support tys move nap
ruh move hol
tun support wes move tys
tyr support ven
tys move nap
ukr move war
ven hold
wes move tys
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
Germany: fleet/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Germany: army/dislodged war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
kie move bal
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove bal
build Army bre
build Army edi
build Army lon
build Army par
remove pie
remove ruh
build Army tri
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support ion
ank move con
apu support ven move rom
ber hold
bot move lvn
bre move gas
bur move ruh
con move bul/sc
den move kie
edi move nwy via convoy
gal move war
hel support den move kie
hol support den move kie
kie move bal
mar move gol
mos move lvn
nap support rom
nth convoy edi move nwy
par move bur
rom support nap
sev move mos
tri move bud
tyr move vie
tys support tun
ven move rom
war move pru
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
apu move rom
bal support kie move ber
bel move hol
ber hold
boh move sil
bot move lvn
bul/sc move aeg
bur hold
con move bul
gas move spa
hel support hol move kie
hol move kie
ion move nap
kie move ber
lon move den via convoy
mos move stp
nap support rom
nth convoy lon move den
nwy move fin
pru support war move sil
rom support nap
ruh hold
sev move ukr
stp move mos
tun move ion
tys support tun move ion
ven support apu move rom
war move sil
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: army rom
Italy: army/dislodged rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
ion move eas
rom move tus
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet mar
build Army tri
remove tus
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
adr move alb
aeg support eas move ion
bal support ber
ber hold
boh move sil
bud move rum
bul/sc move con
bur move mar
con move bul
den support kie
eas move ion
hel support kie
hol move ruh
ion support tys move nap
kie support ber
lvn move bot
gol move tys
mar move gol
mun support boh move sil
nap hold
pru support sil move ber
ruh move bur
sil move ber
spa hold
stp move lvn
tri move ser
tys move nap
ukr move war
ven move apu
vie move gal
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet/dislodged ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
ion move tun
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb move gre
apu move ven
bal support ber
ber support ruh move mun
bot support lvn
bul/sc support aeg move gre
bur support ruh move mun
den support kie
fin move stp
gal support sil move war
hol move ruh
ion support aeg move gre
kie support ruh move mun
lvn support fin move stp
gol convoy spa move tus
mar move pie
mos support war
nap hold
pru move sil
rom support tys move nap
ruh move mun
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sil move war
spa move tus via convoy
tun move ion
tys support tun move ion
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
Austria: army/dislodged mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
ion move eas
mun move tyr
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
build Army mar
build Army vie
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
alb move gre
bal support ber move pru
ber move pru
bot move lvn
bur support ruh move mun
con move bul
den move kie
eas move ion
gal move war
ion convoy mar move apu
kie move ber
lvn move mos
gol convoy mar move apu
mar move apu via convoy
mos support war
mun move boh
nap hold
pie support tus
pru move lvn
rom hold
ruh move mun
rum move sev
sil support gal move war
stp support lvn move mos
tus support pie
tyr support ven
tys convoy mar move apu
ven support rom
vie move tri
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: army/dislodged bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Turkey: army/dislodged mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Turkey: army/dislodged war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
bul move rum
mos disband
war disband
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
apu move rom
bal convoy kie move lvn
ber move sil
boh move vie
bul support aeg move gre
bur support mun
eas move ion
gre support rum move bul
ion support tys
kie move lvn via convoy
gol support pie
mos hold
mun support ber move sil
nap hold
pru move war
rom support ven move tus
rum move bul
sil move gal
stp support mos
tri move vie
tus support apu move rom
tys support apu move rom
ven move tus
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet con
build Army edi
build Army mar
build Army vie
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
bal move den
boh support mun move tyr
bot move swe
bur move mun
con support bul
eas move ion
edi move kie via convoy
gal move bud
hel convoy edi move kie
ion convoy mar move alb
lvn move war
gol convoy mar move alb
mar move alb via convoy
mos hold
mun move tyr
nap hold
nth convoy edi move kie
pru support lvn move war
rom support tus move ven
sil support lvn move war
stp support mos
tri support ven
tus move ven
tyr hold
tys convoy mar move alb
ven hold
vie support tyr
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet/dislodged ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
Austria: army/dislodged war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
ion move adr
war move gal
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg support ion move gre
boh support mun move tyr
bud move ser
bul move ser
bur move mun
con move bul/ec
den move nth
hel move hol
ion move gre
kie move mun
gol move wes
mar move pie
mos support war
mun move tyr
nap hold
nth move bel
pie move gol
pru move ber
rom support tus move ven
sil support kie move mun
stp move lvn
swe move nwy
tus move ven
tys move tun
war support mos
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: fleet/dislodged gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
France: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
Austria: army/dislodged ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
gre move alb
ven move apu
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove adr
remove alb
build Army ank
remove apu
remove boh
build Army edi
build Fleet lon
build Fleet lvp
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank move arm
bel move pic
ber support sil move mun
bud move ser
bul move ser
bur move pic
con move bla
edi move hol via convoy
gal move ukr
gre move bul/sc
hol move bel
lon move eng
lvn move war
lvp move iri
gol move spa/sc
mos move sev
mun move ruh
nap hold
nth convoy edi move hol
nwy move nrg
pie move mar
rum support bud move ser
sev hold
sil move mun
tri hold
tun move tys
tyr hold
vie hold
war move ukr
wes move mid
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bel move pic
ber move sil
bla support arm move sev
bul hold
bur move pic
edi move hol via convoy
eng support bel move pic
gal move bud
gre support bul
hol move bel
ion move adr
iri move mid
lvn move war
mid move bre
mar move gas
mos move sev
mun support vie move tyr
nap hold
nth convoy edi move hol
nrg move nat
rom move nap
ruh support mun
rum support sev
sev hold
spa/sc move mid
tri move alb
tyr move mun
tys support rom move nap
vie move tri
war move ukr
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: army nap
Italy: fleet/dislodged nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
nap disband
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
build Army lon
build Army par
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
adr move alb
alb move gre
arm move sev
bel support pic
bla support arm move sev
bre support spa/sc move mid
bul hold
bur support par move pic
eng support pic
gas move par
gre support bul
hol move kie
iri support nat move mid
lon move den via convoy
mos support ukr
mun hold
nat move mid
nap move rom
nth convoy lon move den
par move pic
pic hold
ruh support mun
rum support sev
ser support alb move gre
sev hold
sil move boh
spa/sc move mid
tyr move mun
tys move wes
ukr hold
war move gal
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Turkey: fleet/dislodged gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
gre move aeg
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb support aeg move gre
arm move sev
bel move pic
bla support arm move sev
boh move vie
bre support wes move mid
bul support aeg move gre
bur support tyr move mun
den move hol via convoy
eng support pic move bre
gal support boh move vie
gas support bre
gre support ser move bul
iri support nat move mid
kie support mun
mos support arm move sev
mun move tyr
nat move mid
nth convoy den move hol
par support bre
pic move bre
rom move ven
ruh move bel
rum support sev
ser move bul
sev hold
spa/sc support wes move mid
tyr move mun
ukr support gal
ven move pie
wes move mid
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
England: army/dislodged mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
England: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun move sil
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
England: army vie
England: supply vie
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
build Fleet mar
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
England: army vie
England: supply vie
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel hold
bla move rum
bre support wes move mid
bur support mun
con support bul
eng move mid
gal support vie move bud
gas support bre
gre support alb
hol move kie
iri support eng move mid
kie move ber
mar move spa/sc
mun support bur
nat support eng move mid
nth move eng
par support bre
pic move bre
pie move tyr
ruh support hol move kie
sev support bla move rum
sil support kie move ber
spa/sc move por
ukr support sev move rum
ven support pie move tyr
vie move bud
wes move mid
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
England: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
England: supply vie
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move tri
bel support pic
ber support kie move mun
bre move eng
bud move rum
bur move ruh
con move ank
eng support nat move mid
gal move vie
gas move bur
gre move ion
iri support nat move mid
kie move mun
mid move naf
mos move sev
mun support bur move ruh
nat move mid
par support bre
pic move bre
por support wes move mid
ruh move bur
sil support kie move mun
spa/sc support wes move mid
tyr support ven move tri
ukr support mos move sev
ven move tri
wes move mid
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
England: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
England: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
Turkey: army/dislodged sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
England: army vie
England: supply vie
England: supply war
ORDERS
mun move boh
sev move arm
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
England: army bud
England: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
England: army vie
England: supply vie
England: supply war
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Fleet lon
build Fleet lvp
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
England: army bud
England: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
England: army vie
England: supply vie
England: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
arm move sev
bel support pic
ber support mun
boh move vie
bre move pic
bud support vie move gal
bul move ser
bur support bre move pic
eng support iri move mid
gas support mid move bre
ion move nap
iri move mid
lon move nth
lvp move iri
mid move bre
mun hold
naf move wes
nat support iri move mid
par support bre move pic
pic move bre
por move mid
ruh support mun
rum support arm move sev
sev hold
sil move boh
spa/sc move wes
tri support boh move vie
tyr support boh move vie
ukr support sev
vie move gal
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
England: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
England: army bud
England: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
England: supply vie
England: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
arm move sev
bel support eng
ber support mun
boh move vie
bre hold
bud move tri
bul move ser
bur support pic move bel
eng support bel
gal support boh move vie
gas support bre
iri support eng
mid move naf
mun hold
naf move tun
nat move mid
nth support edi
par support bre
pic move bel
por move mid
ruh support bel
rum support arm move sev
ser hold
spa/sc support por move mid
tri support vie
tyr support vie
ukr support sev
vie support tyr
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
England: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
England: army bud
England: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
France: army tyr
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: supply war
ORDERS
remove gas
build Fleet lon
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
England: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
England: army bud
England: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
France: army tyr
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
arm move sev
bel support eng
ber move mun
boh support mun move tyr
bre support pic move eng
bud hold
bul support rum
bur support par move pic
eng support bel
gal support bud
iri support nat move mid
lon support eng
mid support pic move eng
mun move tyr
naf move wes
nat move mid
nap move rom
nth support bel
par move pic
pic move eng
ruh support ber move mun
sev hold
smy move aeg
spa/sc move wes
tri move bud
tun move tys
tyr support vie
ukr support sev
vie support tri move bud
PHASE 1913 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
England: army bud
England: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: fleet/dislodged mid
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: army tyr
France: army/dislodged tyr
England: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: supply war
ORDERS
tyr move ven
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
England: army bud
England: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: army tyr
England: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: supply war
ORDERS
aeg convoy con move gre
arm move sev
bel support lon move eng
boh support tyr move vie
bud support tyr move vie
bul move ser
con move gre via convoy
eng move mid
gal support bud
iri support lon move eng
mid move por
mun hold
naf move wes
nth support bel
ruh support bel
rum support arm move sev
sev hold
tyr move vie
tys move nap
ukr support sev
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
England: army bud
England: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
England: army vie
England: supply vie
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
