PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
bud move ser
con move bul
mos hold
nap move ion
rom move ven
sev hold
smy move con
stp/sc hold
tri move alb
ven move tyr
vie move gal
war hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
bla support bul move rum
bul move rum
con move bul
gal move war
ion move tun
mos move ukr
sev move bla
stp/sc move bot
tyr support ven move tri
ven move tri
war move pru
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army con
build Fleet nap
build Fleet smy
build Army ven
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bla support rum move sev
bud move tri
bul move rum
con move bul
gre move ion
nap move ion
rum move sev
ser support bud move tri
smy move aeg
tri move vie
tun move wes
tyr move boh
ven support tri
vie move gal
war move mos
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: fleet/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bla support sev
boh support vie
bul support aeg move gre
gal move rum
gre move bul/sc
mos move sev
nap move ion
rum move bud
ser move bul
sev hold
tri move bud
ven move tri
vie support ven move tri
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Italy: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
tri move tyr
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army con
build Fleet nap
build Army ven
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg convoy con move gre
bla move con
boh move sil
bul support rum move ser
con move gre via convoy
gal move rum
gre move bul/sc
ion support con move gre
mos move sev
nap support ion
rum move ser
ser move bul
sev move mos
spa/sc move por
tri hold
tyr move vie
ven support tri
vie move boh
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Austria: fleet/dislodged gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
gre move alb
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move eas
alb move gre
boh move mun
bul move ser
con move aeg
gal move rum
gre support bul move ser
ion support alb move gre
mos move sev
nap support ion
rum support bul move ser
ser move bul
sev support rum
sil support boh move mun
tri support ser
ven move pie
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet rom
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
bud move rum
bul support rum
eas move ion
gal support bud move rum
gre support ser move bul
ion support gre
mos move sev
mun support sil move ber
nap support ion
por move spa/sc
rom move tys
rum move ukr
ser move bul
sev support rum move ukr
sil move ber
smy support aeg
tri support ser
vie move bud
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army ber
Germany: army/dislodged ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Turkey: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bul move con
rum move ser
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
ber support mun move kie
bud move ser
bul move con
con support ser move bul
eas move ion
gal move rum
ion support gre
mos move sev
mun move kie
nap move tys
pie move mar
rum move bul
ser move bul
sev move rum
smy move eas
spa/sc support pie move mar
tri support bud move ser
tys move wes
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
Germany: fleet/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
France: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
remove smy
build Army ven
build Army vie
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move kie
bud move gal
gal move ukr
kie move hol
mar move gas
mos move sev
nap support ion
rom move ven
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
spa/sc move por
tys support ion
ven move pie
wes move mid
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bud move rum
bul move con
gal move ukr
gas support mid move bre
hol move bel
ion support gre move aeg
kie move hol
mid move bre
mos move sev
nap support ion
pie move mar
por move mid
rum move bul
tys support ion
ven support tri
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply ber
Italy: fleet bre
France: fleet/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet rom
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bel move pic
bre move eng
bul move con
gal move ukr
gas support mar move bur
gre move aeg
hol move bel
ion support gre move aeg
mid move iri
mar move bur
mos move stp
nap move apu
rom move tys
rum move sev
tys move wes
ven move tyr
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet/dislodged aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Italy: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Italy: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move wal via convoy
bul move con
bur support gas move par
eng convoy bel move wal
gas move par
rum move sev
wes move mid
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Italy: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Italy: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Italy: army par
France: army/dislodged par
France: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: army wal
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Italy: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Italy: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: army wal
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army nap
build Army rom
build Army ven
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Italy: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Italy: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: army wal
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
bul move con
eng convoy pic move wal
ion move aeg
iri support wal move lvp
mid move nat
pic move wal via convoy
rom move tus
rum move sev
tyr move boh
ven move tyr
wal move lvp
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Italy: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Italy: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Italy: army lvp
England: army/dislodged lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: army wal
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Italy: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Italy: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Italy: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: army wal
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bul move con
eng support wal move lon
iri move nat
nat move nrg
rum move sev
wal move lon
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Italy: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Italy: supply hol
Italy: supply kie
Italy: army lon
England: fleet/dislodged lon
England: supply lon
Italy: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nrg
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Italy: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Italy: supply hol
Italy: supply kie
Italy: army lon
Italy: supply lon
Italy: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nrg
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Italy: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Italy: supply hol
Italy: supply kie
Italy: army lon
Italy: supply lon
Italy: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nrg
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bul move con
gal move ukr
lvp move edi
nrg support lvp move edi
rum move sev
smy support bul move con
stp move mos
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Italy: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: army con
Turkey: army/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: fleet eas
Italy: army edi
England: fleet/dislodged edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Italy: supply hol
Italy: supply kie
Italy: army lon
Italy: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nrg
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Italy: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: fleet eas
Italy: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Italy: supply hol
Italy: supply kie
Italy: army lon
Italy: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nrg
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
mos support ukr move sev
ukr move sev
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Italy: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: fleet eas
Italy: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Italy: supply hol
Italy: supply kie
Italy: army lon
Italy: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nrg
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Turkey: army/dislodged sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Italy: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Turkey: fleet eas
Italy: army edi
Italy: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Italy: supply hol
Italy: supply kie
Italy: army lon
Italy: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nrg
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
