PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move ven
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move adr
ven move pie
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
bla move sev
bot move swe
con support bul
edi move nwy
gal support rum
hol move bel
ion move tun
kie move den
mid move por
nth convoy edi move nwy
nrg move bar
pic move bel
pie move mar
ruh support hol move bel
rum hold
spa move mar
stp move nwy
tri move bud
ven hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
build Fleet kie
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army smy
build Army tri
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
ank move bla
bar support edi move nwy
bel move eng
bud move ser
bul hold
con support bul
edi move nwy
gal move rum
kie move hol
mar move gol
mos support rum move sev
mun move bur
nap move ion
nth convoy edi move nwy
par move bur
pic move bel
pie support ven
por move mid
ruh support kie move hol
rum move sev
ser move gre
sev support ank move bla
smy move ank
spa move mar
stp support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tri support bud move ser
tun move wes
ven hold
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Turkey: fleet/dislodged sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
sev disband
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
bar move stp/nc
bel hold
bla move rum
edi move lon via convoy
eng move lon
gre support ser
hol support ruh move bel
gol move spa/sc
mid move bre
mar hold
mos support sev
mun move bur
nap move ion
nth convoy edi move lon
par move bur
pie support ven
ruh move bel
rum hold
ser support gre
sev support rum
stp support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tri support ser
ven hold
wes move gol
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
France: army/dislodged bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move pic
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet kie
build Army war
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
ank move smy
bel support mun move bur
bla move rum
bre support pic
bud move ser
con support bul
eng move iri
gre support ser move bul
hol move nth
kie move hol
gol move mar
mar hold
mos move sev
mun move bur
nap move ion
nwy support hol move nth
par move bur
pic support par move bur
pie support ven
rum hold
ser move bul
sev move arm
spa/sc support mar
stp support nwy
ven hold
war move gal
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
arm move ank
bel support mun move bur
bla support bul move rum
bre move eng
bud move ser
bul move rum
con support smy move ank
den move kie
gal support rum
gre support ser move bul
hol move nth
iri move lvp
gol move tys
mar support par move bur
mun move bur
nap move ion
nth move lon
nwy hold
par move bur
pic support par move bur
pie move tyr
rum hold
ser move bul
sev support rum
smy move ank
spa/sc move por
stp hold
tri move ven
ven hold
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ven move tus
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bar
build Army ber
build Army mos
build Fleet tri
remove tys
build Army vie
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
ank hold
arm move bla
bel move bur
ber move sil
bla move bul/ec
bul support gre
bur support pic move bel
con support bla move bul
eng support pic move bel
gal move bud
gre support bul
ion move adr
kie move ruh
lon move eng
lvp move iri
mar hold
mos move ukr
mun support kie move ruh
nth support lon move eng
nwy hold
pic move bel
por move mid
rum support bla move bul
ser support gre
sev move rum
stp move lvn
tri move ven
tus support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
ven move rom
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
Germany: army/dislodged bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
France: fleet/dislodged eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move hol
eng move bre
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
ank support con
bel hold
bla hold
bre move eng
bud hold
bur support bel
con support bul/ec
edi move lvp
eng move mid
gre move bul
hol move bel
ion move adr
iri support eng move mid
lvn move war
mid support bre move eng
mar support bur
mun move bur
nth support hol move bel
nwy hold
ruh support hol move bel
rum support bud
ser support gre move bul
sev support rum
sil move mun
tri support adr move ven
tus support ven
ukr move gal
ven hold
vie move bud
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
France: army/dislodged bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
England: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
France: fleet/dislodged mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move pic
mid move por
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Army mos
build Fleet smy
remove vie
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
ank move con
bel support ruh move bur
bla support sev move rum
bud move tri
bul/ec hold
bur move par
con move smy
edi support lvp
eng support por move mid
gal move vie
gre support ser
ion move adr
iri move eng
lvp support edi
mid move por
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun support ruh move bur
nth support iri move eng
nwy hold
pic move bre
por move mid
rom move nap
ruh move bur
rum move ser
ser support gre
sev move rum
sil move boh
smy move aeg
tri move ven
tus support ven
ven hold
war move gal
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
France: fleet/dislodged eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
eng move pic
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg move gre
bel move pic
bla support sev move rum
boh move tyr
bre hold
bud support rum move ser
bur move mar
eng support bel move pic
gal move vie
gre support ser
ion move adr
mid move iri
mun move bur
nth move edi
nwy hold
par move bur
pic move eng
por move mid
rum move ser
ser support gre
sev move rum
spa move mar
tri support adr move ven
tus move rom
ukr move gal
ven support tus move rom
vie move tri
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ser move alb
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove alb
remove gre
build Army mar
build Army sev
build Army war
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
aeg convoy smy move gre
bla hold
bre move pic
bud move tri
bul/ec hold
bur move par
con hold
eng move bre
gal move boh
ion support rom move nap
iri move mid
mid move eng
mun move tyr
nth move edi
nwy move nrg
par hold
pic support bur move par
rom move nap
rum move bud
ser support bud move tri
sev support ukr move rum
smy move gre via convoy
spa move gas
tri move ven
tyr move pie
ukr move rum
ven hold
vie support bud move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Austria: army/dislodged nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Austria: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nap move apu
ven move rom
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Austria: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
aeg convoy con move gre
apu move ven
bla support con
boh support vie
bre move pic
bud support ser
bur move mun
con move gre via convoy
edi support lvp
eng support pic move bre
gal support bud
gas move bur
gre move alb
ion hold
iri move mid
lvp support edi
mid move eng
mar support gas move bur
nap hold
nth support nrg move edi
nrg move edi
par support bre move pic
pic move bre
pie move ven
rom hold
rum support bul/ec
ser support gre
sev support rum
tri support pie move ven
tyr support pie move ven
ven move tri
vie support tri
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Germany: army/dislodged pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
pic move bel
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet kie
build Fleet smy
build Army war
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move eas
bla support rum
boh support vie
bud support ser
bul/ec move con
bur move bel
edi support lvp
eng move bre
gal support vie
ion hold
iri move mid
kie move den
lvp support edi
mid move bre
mar support par move bur
mun move ruh
nap move apu
nth support nrg move edi
nrg move edi
par move bur
pic support bur move bel
rom hold
rum hold
ser support tri
sev hold
smy move aeg
tri support ser
tyr move mun
vie support boh
war hold
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
Germany: army/dislodged bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move hol
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
apu move ven
bel support bur move ruh
bla hold
boh move mun
bud hold
bur move ruh
den move swe
eas move ion
edi support lvp
eng support ruh move bel
gal move sil
hol support ruh move bel
ion hold
iri move mid
lvp support edi
mid move bre
mar move bur
mun move bur
nth move nwy
nrg move nwy
pic support mar move bur
rom support apu move ven
ruh move bel
rum move ser
ser move tri
sev move rum
tri move tyr
vie support tri move tyr
war move pru
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Germany: army/dislodged ven
Germany: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ion move tun
ven move pie
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bla
build Army mar
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support ion
alb move nap via convoy
bel hold
boh support tyr move mun
bre move mid
bud move tri
bur support pic move bel
con hold
eng move mid
gre move bul
hol move kie
ion convoy alb move nap
lvp move yor
mid move spa/sc
mar hold
mun hold
nth support bel
nrg move nwy
pic move bel
pie move mar
pru move ber
rom move nap
ruh move kie
rum move gal
ser support bud move tri
sil support pru move ber
swe move den
tri move tyr
tun move ion
tyr move mun
ven hold
vie support tri move tyr
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bel move wal via convoy
ber support mun move kie
boh move mun
bre move eng
bur support pic move bel
con move aeg
den move swe
eng convoy bel move wal
gal move boh
hol move kie
ion move tys
mar hold
mun move kie
nth move lon
nwy move swe
pic move bel
rom move nap
ruh support pic move bel
ser move rum
sil support boh move mun
tri support tyr move ven
tun hold
tyr move ven
ven hold
vie move tyr
yor move lon
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army wal
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ven move rom
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Germany: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army wal
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove hol
build Army mos
remove nth
build Army sev
build Fleet stp/sc
build Army war
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Germany: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ber move kie
boh support mun
eng move iri
ion move tun
kie move ruh
mar hold
mos move war
mun support kie move ruh
nap move rom
nwy move swe
pie move tus
rom move nap
ruh move hol
rum move bud
sev move rum
sil move ber
stp/sc move bot
tri move ven
tun hold
tyr support tri move ven
tys support ion move tun
ven move tus
wal move lvp
war move pru
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Germany: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: fleet/dislodged tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Germany: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bel hold
ber move kie
boh support mun
bot move bal
bre move eng
bud move tri
bur support mar
den move kie
edi move lvp
hol hold
ion support tys
iri support lvp
kie move den
mar hold
mun support ruh
pie move mar
pru move ber
ruh hold
spa/sc move por
swe support kie move den
tri move ven
tun move tys
tyr support ven move pie
tys move nap
ven move pie
war move sil
yor move lon
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Russia: army pie
Germany: army/dislodged pie
Germany: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
pie move tus
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Russia: army pie
Germany: fleet por
Germany: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove iri
build Army sev
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/nc
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Russia: army pie
Germany: fleet por
Germany: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bal move den
ber support den move kie
boh hold
bur move mar
den move kie
edi move lvp
eng move mid
ion move nap
kie move ruh
lon move yor
lvp move edi
mar move spa
mun support ruh move bur
nap hold
pie move mar
por move spa/nc
rom support nap
ruh move bur
rum move ser
sev move rum
sil hold
smy move aeg
stp/nc move nwy
swe move ska
tri support tyr move ven
tun move wes
tus support tys move rom
tyr move ven
tys support ion move nap
ven move rom
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: army/dislodged nap
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Russia: army pie
Germany: fleet por
Germany: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
bur move par
nap move apu
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Russia: army pie
Germany: fleet por
Germany: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
apu move ven
bel hold
ber hold
boh move mun
bur move mar
den move hel
edi move lvp
hol hold
kie support ruh move hol
mid move spa/sc
mar support mid move spa
mun move bur
nap support tys move rom
nwy move nrg
par hold
pie support bur move mar
rom support apu move ven
ruh move hol
rum hold
ser hold
sil hold
ska move nth
tri hold
tyr support ven
tys move rom
ven move apu
wes hold
yor support edi move lvp
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
Germany: army/dislodged lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Russia: army mar
France: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Russia: army pie
Germany: fleet por
Germany: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
mar move gas
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Russia: army mar
Russia: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Russia: army pie
Germany: fleet por
Germany: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
