PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move sev
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move ven
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
ven move tyr
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move bla
bot move swe
bud move rum
bul move gre
con move bul
den move swe
gal support sev move rum
ion move gre
kie move hol
mid move wes
mos move lvn
nth convoy yor move bel
nrg move nwy
pic move bel
ruh support yor move bel
sev move rum
spa move por
tri move alb
tyr support ven move tri
ven move tri
vie move bud
yor move bel via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove alb
build Fleet ber
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
build Fleet lvp
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet sev
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel support ruh move bur
bla move con
bot move swe
bud move ser
bul move ser
con move bul
gal move bud
ion move tys
lon move eng
lvn move war
lvp move nat
nap move ion
nth support bel
par move bur
pic move bel
por move spa
ruh move mun
rum hold
sev support rum
smy move aeg
tri move vie
tyr support tri move vie
vie move tri
wes move mid
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
vie disband
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul move gre
bel support hol move ruh
ber move bal
bla move con
bud move ser
bul move gre
bur move bel
con move bul
den support kie move hel
eng move iri
gal move bud
hol hold
ion move gre
kie move hel
mid hold
mun hold
nat support eng move iri
nth move eng
nwy move nth
pic support bur move bel
rum hold
sev move bla
spa hold
swe hold
tyr move tri
tys move tun
vie support gal move bud
war move pru
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
England: army/dislodged bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move ruh
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Fleet mar
build Fleet nap
remove ruh
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/sc
build Army ven
build Army war
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bal move den
bel support hol
bla hold
bre support mid move eng
bud move ser
bul support gre move ser
con move aeg
den move nth
eng support nat move mid
gre move ser
hel support den move nth
hol hold
ion move alb
iri support nat move mid
mid move eng
mar move spa/sc
mun move ber
nat move mid
nap move ion
nth move den
pic move bur
pru move ber
rum hold
ser move bul
smy move eas
spa move por
stp/sc move bot
swe hold
tri support bud move ser
tun support nap move ion
ven move tyr
vie move boh
war move sil
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: fleet/dislodged eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
eng move pic
nth move lon
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre
alb support ion move gre
bel move ruh
bla move ank
boh move mun
bot move bal
bre move mid
bud move ser
bul support gre
bur support bel move ruh
con support bul
den move ska
eng support bre move mid
gre support bul
hel move den
hol hold
ion move gre
iri move mid
lon move eng
mid move bre
mun move kie
nth move nwy
pic support mid move bre
por move spa
pru move ber
sil support boh move mun
spa/sc move wes
swe move ska
tri support bud move ser
tun move ion
tyr support boh move mun
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
France: fleet/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bre move gas
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: fleet gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove con
remove ruh
build Army sev
build Fleet stp/sc
build Army ven
build Army war
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: fleet gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support gre
alb support ion move gre
ank move con
bal support ber move kie
ber move kie
bre support pic move eng
bul support gre
bur move par
den hold
eas move ion
eng move iri
gas support wes move mid
gre support bul
hel support den
hol support kie
ion move gre
kie hold
lon move nth
mid move iri
mun move ruh
pic move eng
ser support rum move bul
sev move arm
sil move boh
spa support gas
stp/sc move bot
swe move nwy
tri move ven
tun move tys
tyr move mun
ven move pie
war move sil
wes move mid
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet/dislodged eng
France: fleet gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
England: fleet/dislodged mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
eng move lon
mid move nat
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre
alb support ion move gre
arm move smy
bal support ber move kie
ber move kie
boh move tyr
bot move swe
bre move mid
bul move con
con support arm move smy
den move nth
eas move smy
eng move lon
gas move bre
hel support den move nth
hol move bel
ion move gre
kie move hol
lon support hel move nth
mid move eng
mun support ber move kie
nat support bre move mid
nth support eng move lon
nwy hold
par support gas move bre
pie move mar
ruh move bel
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sil move ber
spa move mar
tys move gol
ven move pie
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Germany: army/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: fleet/dislodged mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
kie move den
mid move iri
nth move edi
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove eas
remove eng
remove mid
build Army mar
build Army mos
build Army sev
build Army stp
build Army war
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre
alb move gre
arm move sev
bal move swe
ber support kie
bre move eng
bul support alb move gre
con move aeg
edi support nwy move nth
gre hold
ion support con move aeg
iri move lvp
kie hold
lon move wal
gol support pie move mar
mar move bur
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nat move lvp
nwy move nth
par move pic
pie move mar
ruh move hol
rum move bla
sev move ukr
spa hold
stp move nwy
swe move ska
tyr move mun
ven move tus
war move sil
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet/dislodged aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army/dislodged gre
Italy: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
gre move ser
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul move gre
ber support sil move mun
bla move con
bul move gre
bur move mar
edi move yor
eng move mid
gre hold
ion move tys
iri support wal move lvp
kie support nth move hol
gol support mar
mar support mun move bur
mun move bur
nat move mid
nth move hol
nwy move yor via convoy
pic move bel
ruh move hol
ser move tri
sev move rum
sil move mun
ska support swe move den
smy move eas
spa support bur move mar
stp move lvn
swe move den
tus hold
tyr move vie
ukr move gal
wal move lvp
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Italy: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Italy: fleet/dislodged gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Italy: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
bur move par
gre move ion
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
