PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar move bur
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move tys
par move pic
rom move tus
sev move rum
smy hold
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven hold
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
bot move swe
bul move gre
bur move bel
con move aeg
eng support pic move bel
gal move bud
kie move hol
mid move spa/sc
nth convoy yor move nwy
pic move bre
ruh move mun
ser support alb move gre
tri move bud
tus move ven
tys move tun
ukr move gal
ven move tri
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army bud
build Fleet con
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet stp/sc
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg convoy smy move gre
bel support par move bur
ber move mun
bre move pic
bud move gal
bul support smy move gre
con move smy
eng support lon move nth
gal move boh
gre support ser move bul
kie move hel
lon move nth
mar move spa/sc
mun move ruh
nap support tun move ion
nth move hel
par move bur
ser move bul
smy move gre via convoy
spa/sc move mid
tri support bud
tun move ion
tus move ven
ukr move war
ven move tyr
vie support bud move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul
bel support bur
boh move vie
bul hold
bur support bel
con move smy
den support kie
eng move bre
gal move boh
gre move bul/sc
hol support ruh
ion move adr
kie support hol
lon move eng
mid move bre
mun support ruh
nap move ion
nth support hol move bel
nwy move stp
pic support bel
ruh support mun
ser support gre move bul
smy move ank
spa/sc move por
tri move ven
tyr move tri
ukr support war move gal
ven support tyr move tri
vie move tyr
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
tri move bud
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
remove gre
build Army rom
remove ser
build Army war
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr convoy ven move alb
aeg move gre
ank move con
bel support bur
boh support tyr move vie
bre move eng
bud support tyr move vie
bul support aeg move gre
bur support bel
den support nwy move swe
eng hold
gal support vie
hol support ruh move bel
ion move gre
kie move bal
lon support eng
mid move nat
mun move bur
nth support bel move hol
nwy move swe
pic support bel
por move mid
rom move ven
ruh move bel
rum move sev
smy move aeg
stp/sc move bot
tri move ser
tyr move vie
ukr move rum
ven move alb via convoy
vie hold
war move ukr
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Russia: army/dislodged vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
swe move fin
vie move tri
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ion
aeg support gre
alb support ven move tri
bal move den
bel support bur
boh move gal
bot support fin move swe
bre move eng
bud move tri
bul support gre
bur support bel
den move hel
eng move bre
fin move swe
gal move bud
gre hold
hol support ruh
ion hold
mid support bre move eng
mun support ruh
nat move lvp
nth move hel
pic support bel
ruh support hol
rum support gal move bud
ser support ven move tri
swe move nwy
tri move tyr
ukr move war
ven move tri
vie support bud move tri
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: fleet/dislodged eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
eng move iri
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bre
remove gal
remove iri
remove lon
remove nth
remove nwy
build Fleet smy
build Army ven
remove vie
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ion
aeg support gre move ion
alb move gre
bal move den
bel support bur
bot hold
bre move wal via convoy
bud move gal
bul move gre
bur support bel
con move bul
den move hel
eng convoy bre move wal
gre move ion
hol support ruh
ion support alb move gre
lon move nth
lvp support bre move wal
mid support eng
mun support ruh
nth move hel
nwy move stp
pic support bel
ruh support mun
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev move bla
smy move eas
swe hold
tri support ser
tyr move vie
ven support tri
vie move boh
war move sil
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ion
aeg move bul/sc
bal move ber
bel move ruh
bla move ank
boh support bur move mun
bot move swe
bul hold
bur move mun
con support aeg move bul
den move nth
eas move ion
eng move lon
gal move war
gre support bul
ion hold
lon move yor
lvp move cly
mid move eng
mun support bal move ber
nth move nrg
pic move bur
ruh move kie
rum move bud
sil move ber
stp move mos
swe move nwy
tri move ser
ven move tri
vie hold
wal support eng move lon
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
mun move tyr
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
remove boh
build Fleet bre
remove eas
build Army nap
build Army par
build Army sev
build Army stp
build Army ven
remove yor
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
aeg move con
ank support bul move con
bal move den
bre move eng
bud move vie
bul hold
bur support mun
cly move edi
con move smy
eng move nth
gre support bul
hol move ruh
ion convoy nap move alb
kie support tyr move mun
lon support eng move nth
mun support sil move ber
nap move alb via convoy
nwy move ska
par move pic
ruh move kie
ser hold
sev move mos
sil move ber
stp move nwy
swe hold
tri support ven move tyr
tyr move mun
ven move tyr
vie move boh
wal move yor
war support sev move mos
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
England: army/dislodged mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Germany: army/dislodged tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
tyr move pie
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
alb move ser
ber support mun move kie
bul move rum
bur move mar
con move ank
den support kie
edi support nth
eng support pic move bel
gre move bul
hol move bel
ion move aeg
kie support den
lon support nth
mun support ruh move kie
nth convoy yor move hol
pic move bel
pie move mar
ruh move kie
ser move bud
ska move den
smy support con move ank
swe support ska move den
tri support ser move bud
tyr support mun
war move sil
yor move hol via convoy
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Russia: fleet/dislodged ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
ank move bla
den move hel
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Fleet con
remove hel
build Army mar
build Army nap
remove pie
build Army ven
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
aeg hold
ank move con
bel move hol
ber move sil
bla move sev
boh support vie
bre move eng
bud support tri move vie
bul move con
bur move ruh
con move smy
edi move nrg
eng move nth
ion convoy nap move gre
kie support bel move hol
lon support eng move nth
mar move bur
mos move ukr
mun support kie
nap move gre via convoy
nth move hel
rum move sev
ser move rum
sil move war
smy move arm
swe move bal
tri move vie
tyr support tri move vie
ven hold
vie hold
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Russia: army/dislodged vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
vie move gal
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
aeg convoy gre move con
ank move con
arm move sev
bal move ber
bla support ukr move rum
boh move vie
bud support vie
bul support gre move con
bur support mun
eng move bel
gal support boh move vie
gre move con via convoy
hel support kie move den
hol support ruh move kie
ion move eas
kie move den
lon move eng
mun support ruh move kie
nth convoy yor move nwy
nrg support yor move nwy
ruh move kie
rum hold
ser support rum
sil move boh
smy support ank move con
tyr support vie
ukr move rum
ven move tri
vie hold
war move ukr
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
Russia: fleet/dislodged den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: army nwy
Russia: army/dislodged nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove ber
build Army bre
build Fleet con
build Army mar
build Fleet nap
build Army par
remove sil
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg convoy gre move smy
ank move con
bel move eng
bla support sev move rum
bre move pic
bud move gal
bul move con
bur move ruh
con move aeg
den move swe
eas support gre move smy
eng move mid
gre move smy via convoy
hel move den
hol move kie
kie move ber
nap move ion
nrg move nat
nwy move stp
par move bur
rum support bud move gal
ser move bud
sev move rum
smy support con move aeg
tri move ven
tyr support vie
vie support bud move gal
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Italy: army/dislodged rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: army stp
Russia: supply stp
France: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
rum move ser
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: army stp
Russia: supply stp
France: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
ank move con
ber move pru
bud support gal move rum
bul support gal move rum
bur move mun
den move swe
eas move ion
gal move rum
gre support bul
ion move tun
kie move ber
mid move wes
mun move sil
nat move mid
pic move bur
ruh support bur move mun
rum support aeg move bul
ser support gal move rum
smy move eas
stp move mos
swe move fin
tyr hold
ven hold
vie hold
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army fin
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
France: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Turkey: army/dislodged rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
France: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
rum move sev
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army fin
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
France: army mos
France: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bre
build Fleet nap
build Army par
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army fin
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
France: army mos
France: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
bre move pic
bud hold
bul hold
bur move mun
con move bul/ec
eas move ion
eng move mid
fin move stp
gre support bul
ion hold
mid move naf
mos move ukr
mun move sil
nap support ion
nth move eng
par move bur
pru support sil move war
ruh support bur move mun
rum hold
ser support rum
sev move rum
sil move war
swe move nwy
tun hold
tyr hold
ven move pie
vie hold
wes support mid move naf
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
France: army mos
France: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: army stp
Russia: supply stp
France: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
France: army mos
France: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: army stp
Russia: supply stp
France: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
bud support rum
bul hold
con support aeg move bul
eas move ion
gre support bul
ion move tun
nap support ion
pie hold
rum hold
ser support bul
sev move rum
tun move wes
tyr hold
vie hold
war support mos
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
France: army mos
France: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: army stp
France: supply stp
France: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
