PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move eng
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar move spa
mos move sev
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bel
rom move ven
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move tyr
vie move tri
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move bla
bot move swe
bul move ser
con move bul
den hold
edi move nwy via convoy
eng move bel
ion move tun
kie move hol
mos move sev
nth move lon
nrg convoy edi move nwy
par move bur
ruh move mun
ser support tri
sev move rum
spa hold
tri move vie
tyr support ven move tri
ukr support sev move rum
ven move tri
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army bud
build Army kie
build Fleet lvp
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Army ven
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel hold
ber move kie
bla support con move bul
bud support vie move tri
bul move ser
bur move ruh
con move bul
den hold
gre move alb
hol move bel
kie move ruh
lon move eng
lvp move nat
mar move gol
mos move sev
mun support kie move ruh
nap move ion
nrg move nth
nwy hold
par move bur
rum hold
ser support vie move tri
sev move arm
smy move aeg
spa move por
tri support bul move ser
tun support nap move ion
tyr support tri move tyr
ukr support rum
ven support tri
vie move tri
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
alb move tri
arm move smy
bel support nth move hol
bla move ank
bud support alb move tri
bul move gre
bur move ruh
con move bul
den hold
eng move bre
hol move bel
ion move gre
kie move ruh
gol hold
mun support ruh move bur
nat move mid
nth support hol move bel
nwy hold
par move bur
por hold
ruh move bur
rum move bla
ser support alb move tri
sev move arm
tri hold
tun move tys
tyr support tri
ukr move sev
ven support tri
vie support alb move tri
war move ukr
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
France: fleet/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move pic
bur move mar
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
remove gol
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul move gre
ank move arm
arm move syr
bel move pic
bla support ser move bul
bre support bel move pic
bud move ser
bul move gre
bur move gas
con move smy
den hold
ion move tys
kie move mun
lon move eng
mid move por
mar hold
mun move bur
nth support lon move eng
nwy hold
par support pic move bre
pic move bre
por move spa
ruh support mun move bur
ser move bul
sev move arm
tri hold
tyr support ven
tys move gol
ukr move rum
ven support tyr
vie support tri
war move gal
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
England: fleet/dislodged bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bre move mid
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
ank move con
bla convoy rum move con
bre hold
bul hold
bur support pic move par
den support nwy move swe
eng move bel
gal move sil
gas move mar
gre support aeg move bul
gol support gas move mar
mid support por move spa
mar support spa move gas
mun support bur
nth convoy nwy move hol
nwy move hol via convoy
par support bre
pic move par
por move spa/nc
ruh move bel
rum move con via convoy
ser move bud
sev move arm
smy move con
spa move gas
swe move bal
syr support sev move arm
tri move adr
tyr support ven move tri
tys move ion
ven move tri
vie support ser move bud
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
France: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bul move ser
mar move pie
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove adr
remove bre
build Army con
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
build Army ven
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank support smy move arm
arm move smy
bal support sil move ber
bla support rum move bul
bud support vie move tri
bul/sc support con
bur move pic
con support ank
den move nth
eng support hol move bel
gas move mar
gre support bul/sc
hol move bel
ion move tys
kie move hol
lon move nth
gol move wes
mid move bre
mar move bur
mun move sil
nth move hel
par move bre
pie move mar
ruh support kie move hol
rum move bul
ser support vie move tri
sil move ber
smy move arm
spa/nc support gas
syr support arm move smy
tri hold
tyr support tri
ven support tri
vie move tri
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move arm
arm move sev
bal move kie
bel move pic
ber support bal move kie
bla support rum
bud support vie move tri
bul/sc support con
bur support pic move bel
con support smy
den move hel
eng support mid move bre
gas move mar
gre support bul/sc
hel move den
hol support pic move bel
lon move nth
mid move bre
par move bre
pic move bel
pie support gas move mar
ruh support pic move bel
rum hold
ser support vie move tri
sil move war
smy support ank move arm
spa/nc hold
syr move smy
tyr support tri
tys move gol
ven support tri
vie move tri
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet lon
build Army mos
remove war
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move ank
bel move hol
ber move kie
bla move ank
bre support eng move mid
bud support ser
bul/sc hold
bur move mun
con support arm move ank
den move swe
eng move mid
gre move ser
hel support kie move den
hol move kie
kie move den
lon move nth
gol support wes move spa
mar move spa
mos move war
nth move nwy
par move bre
pie move mar
ruh support hol move kie
rum move bul
ser support vie move tri
sev move arm
smy hold
spa/nc move por
syr support sev move arm
tri support gre move ser
tyr move boh
ven support tri
vie move tri
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army pie
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ank support smy
arm move smy
ber move kie
bla move con
boh support tri move vie
bre hold
bud support vie
bul/sc support con
con support ank
den support nwy move swe
gre support bul/sc
hel support ber move kie
hol move kie
kie move ber
gol support spa/sc move mar
mid support por move spa
mar support por move spa
mun support kie move ber
nth move hol
nwy move swe
par move bre
pie support mar
por move spa/sc
ruh support hol move kie
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
smy support ank
spa/sc move mar
swe move den
syr support arm move smy
tri move vie
ven move pie
vie hold
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army/dislodged mar
Italy: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Germany: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
mar move bur
swe move bal
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army lon
build Fleet nap
remove par
remove pie
build Army sev
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank support con
bal support hol move kie
ber move kie
bla support smy move con
boh support tri move vie
bre move pic
bud support ser move tri
bul/sc support con
bur move par
con support ank
den support ber move kie
gre support bul/sc
hel support nth move hol
hol move kie
kie move ber
lon hold
gol support mar move spa
mid move eng
mar move spa/sc
mun support kie move ber
nap move ion
nth move hol
ruh support hol move kie
rum move bul
ser move tri
sev move mos
smy move con
spa/sc move por
swe move bal
syr move arm
tri move vie
ven move tyr
vie support ser move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army/dislodged hol
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
Germany: supply par
England: fleet pic
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
hol move bel
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
Germany: supply par
England: fleet pic
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
arm move ank
bal move den
bel move hol
ber move kie
bla support arm move ank
boh support vie
bud move tri
bul/sc move aeg
con move bul
den support ber move kie
eng convoy lon move bel
gal move bud
gre move ser
hel support hol
hol support ber move kie
ion move aeg
kie move ber
lon move bel via convoy
gol move mar
mos move ukr
mun support kie move ber
par move bre
pic support lon move bel
por hold
ruh support bel move hol
rum support gal move bud
smy support arm move ank
swe move bal
tri move ven
tyr move ven
vie support gal move bud
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
Germany: army/dislodged bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army/dislodged ber
Germany: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet pic
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move bur
ber move pru
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army lon
remove mun
build Fleet ven
build Army war
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
bal move ber
bel hold
ber move kie
bla support ank move con
boh move mun
bre move par
bud support rum move ser
bul/sc move gre
bur move bel
con move bul
eng convoy lon move bre
hel support den move kie
hol support bel
ion move gre
lon move bre via convoy
pic support lon move bre
por hold
pru move ber
ruh support bur move bel
rum move ser
ser support con move bul
smy support ank move con
swe move bal
tri move alb
tyr move tri
ukr move mos
ven support tyr move tri
vie support tyr move tri
war move sil
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Russia: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
Germany: supply par
England: fleet pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
bal move den
bel support hol
bla support con move bul
bre hold
bul/sc move aeg
bur move gas
con move bul
den move kie
eng support bel
hel support den move kie
hol support den move kie
ion support tri move alb
kie support bal move den
mos move ukr
mun move bur
par hold
pic support bel
por hold
pru move ber
ruh support kie
ser support bul/sc move gre
sil support pru move ber
smy move con
swe move bal
tri move alb
ven move tri
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove aeg
build Fleet lon
build Army mos
remove ruh
build Army sev
build Army stp
build Army ven
build Army war
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
bal move swe
bel move bur
ber support sil move mun
bla move con
bre support par
bud move ser
bul support ser move gre
bur support gas move par
con move smy
den move nth
eng support bre
gas move par
hel move den
hol hold
ion support alb move gre
kie support hel move den
lon move nth
mar move spa/sc
mos move war
par support bre
pic move bel
por hold
ser move gre
sev move ukr
sil move mun
spa/sc move mid
stp move lvn
tri move alb
ukr move rum
ven move tri
vie support ven move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
den move ska
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
bel move bur
bre support par
bud support gal move vie
bur move mar
con move aeg
den move swe
eng support bre
gal move vie
gas move par
hol hold
ion support alb move gre
kie move den
lon move syr
lvn move pru
mid move por
par hold
pic support bre
por move mid
ska move swe
smy move con
spa/sc support mid move por
swe move nwy
tri hold
ukr move gal
ven support tri
vie move tri
war move sil
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Italy: army/dislodged vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
vie move tyr
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
