PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun hold
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move tus
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
vie move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move bla
bot move swe
bul move gre
con move bul
den hold
eng move nth
ion move tun
kie move hol
mid move por
mun move sil
nth convoy yor move hol
pic move bel
ser support alb move gre
sev support ukr move rum
ukr move rum
vie move gal
war move gal
yor move hol via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Army mar
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army tri
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bel support kie move hol
ber move pru
bla move con
bre hold
bud support vie move gal
bul move ser
con move bul
den move nth
eng move iri
gre move aeg
kie move hol
mar move bur
mos move ukr
nap move ion
nth convoy yor move nwy
par move pic
por move mid
rum support bul move ser
ser hold
sev support rum
sil support ber move pru
smy move aeg
spa move mar
stp/nc move nwy
swe support stp/nc move nwy
tri support ser
tun move tys
tus support ven
ven hold
vie move gal
war hold
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bel move ruh
bla support rum
bre move eng
bud support ser move rum
bul move ser
bur move mun
con support bul
den move nth
gal support ser move rum
gre move bul/sc
hol hold
ion hold
iri move nat
mid support bre move eng
mar hold
nth move nrg
nwy support swe
pic move bel
pru support sil move war
rum move gal
ser move rum
sev support rum
sil move war
smy move aeg
swe support nwy
tri move ser
tus hold
tys hold
ukr support war
ven hold
war hold
yor hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army bre
build Army mos
build Army vie
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support ion move gre
bel move hol
bla support bul move rum
bre move wal via convoy
bud support rum
bul move rum
con move bul
eng convoy bre move wal
gal support rum
gre move bul/sc
hol hold
ion move tun
mid move iri
mar hold
mos support war
mun support ruh move kie
nat move iri
nth support hol
nrg move bar
nwy hold
pru move ber
ruh move kie
rum support gre move bul
sev support bul move rum
sil hold
swe move den
tri move ser
tus move pie
tys move gol
ukr support war
ven move tyr
vie support gal
war hold
yor move lon
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
bar move nrg
bel move hol
ber move kie
bla support con move bul
bud support gal move rum
bul/sc move gre
con move bul
den support kie
eng move lon
gal move rum
hol support ber move kie
kie support mun move ber
lon hold
gol support pie move mar
mid move spa/sc
mar support mid move spa
mos move war
mun move ber
nat move iri
nth support hol
nwy move nth
pie move mar
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sev move rum
sil move mun
tun move wes
tyr support sil move mun
ukr support war move gal
vie move gal
wal support eng move lon
war move gal
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: army/dislodged ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army/dislodged gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army/dislodged lon
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
France: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move pru
gal move sil
lon move yor
mar move bur
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Fleet con
remove hol
build Fleet nap
remove nth
remove nrg
build Fleet stp/nc
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support bul move gre
bel move ruh
ber support sil move mun
bla support con move bul
bre move mid
bud support rum
bul move gre
bur move mar
con move bul/sc
den hold
gal support war
gre support ser move bul
iri support yor move wal
kie support ber
lon move yor
gol move spa/sc
mar move bur
mun support pru move ber
nap move ion
nwy move nth
pru move ber
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev hold
sil support pru move ber
spa/sc support bur move mar
stp/nc move nwy
tyr support mun
ukr support gal
vie move gal
wal support lon move yor
war support gal
wes support gol move spa
yor move lvp
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Austria: fleet/dislodged gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
France: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
gre move alb
spa/sc move por
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg support gre
alb move gre
ber support mun move kie
bla support sev move rum
bud support rum
bur move mar
con move bul/sc
den support kie
gal support sev move rum
gre support con move bul
ion support alb move gre
iri move lvp
kie hold
lvp move edi
mid move spa/sc
mar move gas
mun move kie
nth move edi
nwy move swe
por support mid move spa
ruh move hol
rum support vie move gal
ser support alb move gre
sev move rum
sil support vie move gal
tyr move mun
ukr support sev move rum
vie move gal
wal move lon
war support gal
wes support spa/sc
yor support nth move edi
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Army con
remove iri
remove lvp
build Army mos
build Army par
build Fleet sev
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg hold
ber support mun
bla convoy con move rum
bud support con move rum
bul/sc hold
con move rum via convoy
den support swe move bal
edi move cly
gal support rum
gas support spa/sc
hol support kie
ion support gre
kie support tyr move mun
lon move wal
lvp hold
mid move spa/sc
mar move pie
mos move war
mun support ber
par move gas
por support mid move spa
rum support con move bul
ser support con move rum
sev support rum
sil support vie move gal
spa/sc hold
swe move bal
tyr move pie
ukr support gal
vie move gal
war move pru
wes support spa/sc
yor move edi
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Russia: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move con
bal move ber
ber support mun
bla support rum
bud support rum
bul/sc hold
cly move lvp
den support kie
gal move rum
gas move par
gre hold
hol move ruh
ion move tys
kie support bal move ber
lvp move yor
mid move spa/sc
mar support mid move spa
mun support ber
par move gas
por support mid move spa
pru support bal move ber
rum support bud
ser support gre
sev support gal move rum
sil move war
tyr move pie
ukr support sev
vie move gal
wal support cly move lvp
war move sil
wes support spa/sc
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Italy: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
spa/sc move gol
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army bre
build Army mos
remove tys
remove yor
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move arm
ber hold
bla support rum
bre move gas
bud support vie move gal
bul/sc move aeg
con move bul/ec
den hold
edi move nth
gal support ukr move rum
gas move spa
gre move ion
kie move mun
lvp move iri
gol support gas move spa
mar hold
mos move ukr
mun move bur
par support bre move gas
pie move mar
por support spa/sc
pru move sil
ruh support kie move mun
rum move ukr
ser support rum
sev support ukr move rum
sil move war
spa/sc support mar
ukr move rum
vie move gal
wal move lon
war support pru move sil
wes support gas move spa
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: army/dislodged sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
France: supply spa
France: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
gal move boh
sil move boh
spa/sc move mid
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move con
arm move sev
ber hold
bla support arm move sev
bud support bul/ec move rum
bul/ec move rum
bur move mar
den move ska
gal move ukr
gas support mar
ion move adr
iri move mid
lon move bel via convoy
gol support spa
mid move naf
mar support por move spa
mun hold
nth convoy lon move bel
par move bur
pie support bur move mar
por move spa/sc
ruh support par move bur
rum support sil move gal
ser support bul/ec move rum
sev hold
sil move gal
spa support bur move mar
ukr support sev
war support sil move gal
wes support spa
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Germany: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army/dislodged gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Russia: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bur move pic
gal move vie
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Russia: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army mos
build Army par
remove pic
build Army smy
build Army stp
build Army tri
build Army ven
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Russia: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
ank move con
bel move ruh
ber move kie
bla support sev
bud move gal
bur support mar
con move aeg
gal hold
gas support por move spa
gol support spa move mar
mid support por move spa
mar hold
mos move sev
mun move boh
naf move wes
nth move eng
par move pic
pie support spa move mar
por move spa/sc
ruh move mun
rum hold
ser hold
sev hold
ska move nth
smy move arm
spa move mar
stp move lvn
tri move ven
ukr support mos move sev
ven move tyr
vie move gal
war support gal
wes move tun
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Russia: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg move ion
arm support sev
bla convoy con move rum
boh support gal move vie
bud support vie
bur support gas move mar
con move rum via convoy
eng move mid
gal move vie
gas move mar
kie move hel
lvn move war
mid move naf
mos move sev
mun support boh
nth move eng
pic move bel
ruh move kie
rum move bul/ec
ser support con move rum
sev support con move rum
spa/sc support gas move mar
ukr support mos move sev
ven move tri
vie support tyr
war move gal
wes move gol
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Russia: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army par
build Army tri
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Russia: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ven
arm support sev
bel move ruh
bla support rum
boh support mun move tyr
bre hold
bud support vie
bul/ec move con
bur move mun
eng move mid
gal support ukr
hel move nth
ion support tun
kie move ber
lvn move pru
mid move spa/sc
mar move pie
mos support ukr
mun move tyr
naf move tun
par move bur
pie move tus
rum support sev
ser move alb
sev support rum
spa/sc move gol
tri support vie
tun move tys
tyr move pie
ukr support gal
ven hold
vie hold
war support gal
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Russia: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr convoy alb move apu
alb move apu via convoy
arm support sev
ber hold
bla support rum
boh move vie
bre hold
bud support vie
bur move mar
con move aeg
gal support boh move vie
ion move nap
gol support wes move tys
mid move naf
mar move pie
mos support ukr
mun support tyr
nth move lon
pru move sil
ruh move kie
rum support sev
sev support rum
spa/sc move wes
tri support vie
tun support wes move tys
tus hold
tyr support mar move pie
tys hold
ukr support gal
ven hold
vie hold
war support gal
wes move tys
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Russia: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: fleet/dislodged tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
tys move rom
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Russia: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove rom
build Fleet smy
build Army stp
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Russia: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ven
aeg move ion
apu move rom
arm support sev
ber move pru
bla support rum
boh move vie
bre move mid
bud support vie
gal support boh move vie
kie move ber
lon hold
gol support pie move tus
mar move pie
mos move sev
mun support tyr
naf move tun
nap support adr move rom
pie move tus
rum support sev
sev support rum
sil support gal
smy move eas
stp move lvn
tri support vie
tun move ion
tyr support boh move vie
tys support tun move ion
ukr support mos move sev
ven support tus
vie hold
war support gal
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
France: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ven
aeg move gre
arm support sev
ber hold
bla support rum
boh move vie
bud support vie
eas move ion
gal support boh move vie
ion move aeg
lon move eng
lvn support mos
gol convoy mar move tus
mid move naf
mar move tus via convoy
mos support ukr
mun support tyr
nap support eas move ion
pie support tus move ven
pru hold
rom move tus
rum support sev
sev support rum
sil support gal
tri support vie
tun support tys move ion
tus move ven
tyr support tus move ven
tys move ion
ukr support mos
ven support rom move tus
vie hold
war support gal
wes move tys
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Austria: army/dislodged ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ven move apu
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove apu
build Fleet con
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
aeg support tys move ion
arm support sev
bla move bul/ec
boh move vie
bud support vie move gal
con support eas move smy
eas move smy
eng move mid
gal support boh move vie
gre support bla move bul
lvn support war
gol support pie move tus
mar move pie
mos move sev
mun support tyr
naf move wes
nap support rom
pie move tus
rom support tri move ven
rum support vie move gal
sev support rum
sil support gal
tri move ven
tun support tys move ion
tyr support boh move vie
tys move ion
ukr support mos move sev
ven move rom
vie move gal
war support gal
wes move tys
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Russia: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ven move apu
vie move tri
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Russia: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support rom move ven
aeg move gre
arm support sev
ber move sil
bud support tri move vie
bul/ec support rum
con move aeg
gal move bud
gre support con move aeg
ion move nap
lvn support mos
gol support tus
mid move naf
mos move sev
mun support tyr
nap support rom
pie move ven
rom move ven
rum support sev
sev support rum
sil move boh
smy support con move aeg
tri move vie
tun support ion
tus support pie move ven
tyr move tri
tys support apu move rom
ukr move rum
ven move tyr
vie support gal move bud
war support gal
wes support tys
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet/dislodged aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Russia: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move eas
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Russia: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army mar
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Russia: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr convoy ven move alb
aeg support smy move eas
arm move syr
boh support vie
bul/ec support rum
eas move ion
gal move bud
gre support aeg
ion move alb
lvn move mos
gol support tys
mar move pie
mos move sev
mun support tyr
nap support rom
pie move ven
pru hold
rom move apu
rum support sev
sev support rum
sil hold
smy move eas
tri support bud
tun support eas move ion
tus support pie move ven
tyr support pie move ven
tys move rom
ukr move rum
ven move alb via convoy
vie move tri
war move gal
wes support tun
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
France: fleet/dislodged ion
France: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Russia: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
France: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
Austria: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ion move tys
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
France: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Russia: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
France: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
Austria: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support apu move ven
aeg support eas move ion
apu move ven
boh support war move gal
bul/ec support rum
eas move ion
gal move rum
gre support eas move ion
ion move nap
lvn move mos
gol support tys
mos move sev
mun move tyr
naf move tun
nap support eas move ion
pie support ven
pru move sil
rom support ion move nap
rum support sev
sev support rum
sil move mun
syr move arm
tri move ser
tun move ion
tus support ven
tyr move tri
tys support ion move nap
ukr support mos move sev
ven support tyr move tri
vie support gal move bud
war move gal
wes support tys
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Russia: fleet naf
Russia: fleet nap
Russia: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove adr
remove apu
build Fleet bre
build Fleet mar
build Army par
build Army stp
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Russia: fleet naf
Russia: fleet nap
Russia: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
arm move sev
boh move gal
bre move mid
bud support ser
bul/ec support rum
gal move bud
gre move alb
ion support gre move alb
mar move spa/sc
mos move sev
naf move tun
nap move apu
par move bur
pie move ven
rom move nap
rum support arm move sev
ser support bud
sev move rum
stp move lvn
tri move alb
tun move ion
tys support tun move ion
ukr support sev move rum
ven move tri
vie support gal move bud
war support boh move gal
wes hold
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet apu
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ion
France: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Russia: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ion move eas
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet apu
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
France: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Russia: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
apu move adr
boh support war move gal
bud support ser
bul/ec support rum
bur move ruh
eas move ion
gal move rum
gre support eas move ion
ion hold
lvn move war
mid move nat
mos move sev
nap move apu
rum support sev
ser support bud
sev support rum
spa/sc move mid
tri support vie move bud
tun support ion
tus move rom
tyr move vie
tys support ion
ukr support mos move sev
ven support tri
vie move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
France: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Russia: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: army/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
sev move arm
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
France: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Russia: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army mos
build Fleet stp/nc
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
France: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Russia: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr convoy ven move alb
aeg support eas move ion
apu support ion
arm move sev
boh move gal
bud support ser
bul/ec support rum
eas move ion
gal move bud
gre support eas move ion
ion support ven move alb
lvn move pru
gol move tys
mid move eng
mos support sev
mun move boh
pie move ven
ruh move kie
rum support bud
ser support bud
sev hold
stp/nc move nwy
tri move ser
tun support ion
tys move nap
ukr move rum
ven move alb via convoy
vie support gal move bud
war support lvn move pru
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
Russia: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ion
aeg support gre
alb move ser
apu support ion
arm move sev
boh hold
bud support sev move rum
bul/ec support rum
eas support aeg
gal support sev move rum
gre support aeg
ion hold
kie hold
mos support sev
nap support ion
nwy hold
pru move ber
rum support arm move sev
sev move rum
sil hold
tri support alb move ser
tun support ion
tyr hold
tys support ion
ukr support sev move rum
ven hold
vie support bud
wes support tys
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
build Army par
build Army stp
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ion
aeg support gre
apu move adr
ber hold
bud support rum
bul/ec support sev move rum
con support bul/ec
eas support aeg
gal support bud
gre support bul/ec
ion support tun
mos move sev
nap support ion
nwy hold
par move bur
rum support bud
ser support adr move alb
sev move rum
stp move lvn
tun support ion
tyr move mun
tys support ion
ukr support mos move sev
war support gal
wes hold
PHASE 1914 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: army/dislodged sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
sev move arm
PHASE 1914 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move alb
aeg support gre
apu support ion
arm move sev
ber hold
boh support vie
bud hold
bur move ruh
con support bul/ec
eas support aeg
gal support bud
gre support bul/ec
ion support adr move alb
kie support mun
lvn move pru
mun support sil
nap support ion
nwy hold
rum support bud
ser support adr move alb
sev hold
sil support mun
tri support ser
tun support ion
tys support ion
ukr support rum
war support gal
wes support tys
PHASE 1914 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove con
build Army mos
PHASE 1915 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
