PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
bre move pic
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
lon move eng
lvp move wal
mar move spa
mos move ukr
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move tus
sev move bla
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move tyr
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move bla
arm move sev
ber move kie
bot move swe
bul move rum
bur move bel
eng move mid
gal move rum
ion move tun
kie move hol
mun hold
nth move nwy
pic move bre
ser move bud
sev move bla
tri move vie
tus move pie
tyr move mun
ukr move sev
wal hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet con
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army tri
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
arm move sev
bel hold
ber move pru
bre move pic
bud move ser
bul move ser
con support ank move bla
gal support sev move rum
gre move bul/sc
hol support bel
kie move den
lon move eng
mid support lon move eng
mar hold
mos move sev
mun hold
nap move ion
nwy move nth
par move bur
pie move tyr
sev move rum
spa move por
swe move den
tri support bud move ser
tun move tys
tyr move boh
ukr support sev move rum
vie move bud
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bel move ruh
bla support arm move sev
boh move mun
bul move rum
bur support bel move ruh
con support bul
eng convoy wal move bre
gal move war
ion move tys
mid support wal move bre
mar move gol
mos support rum move sev
nth support swe move den
pic move bel
rum move sev
swe move den
tyr support boh move mun
tys move wes
ukr move rum
wal move bre via convoy
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army lon
build Fleet sev
build Army stp
build Army ven
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move sev
bel move pic
bla support bul move rum
bre move gas
bud move vie
bul move rum
bur move par
con move bul/sc
den hold
eng convoy lon move bre
gre hold
hol move hel
kie move den
lon move bre via convoy
gol move spa/sc
mid support bre move gas
mos move sev
nth hold
por support gol move spa
pru move ber
ruh move bel
rum support sev move bla
ser support tri
sev move bla
stp move lvn
tyr support mun
tys move gol
ukr support rum
ven move pie
war move sil
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move sev
bel move hol
ber hold
bla move rum
bre move par
con support bul
den hold
eng move bre
gas support bre move par
gre support bul
hel support kie move den
kie move den
lvn move pru
gol move spa/sc
mid move bre
mos support sev
mun hold
nth support den
par support pic move bre
pic move bre
pie move mar
por support spa/sc
rum support sev
ser support gre move bul
sev support rum
sil support lvn move pru
spa/sc support por
tri support ser
tyr support mun
ukr support rum
vie support tri
wes support gol move spa
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
France: army/dislodged par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
par move bur
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove hel
remove hol
build Army lon
build Fleet nap
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move sev
ber hold
bla move rum
bud move ser
bur move bel
con support bul
den move kie
gas move bur
gre move aeg
kie move hol
lon move hol via convoy
gol support wes move spa
mid move bre
mar support wes move spa
mos move sev
mun hold
nap move tys
nth convoy lon move hol
par move bre
pic move bre
por support spa/sc
pru move ber
rum support sev move bla
ser move gre
sev move bla
sil support pru move ber
spa/sc support por
tri support vie
tyr support mun
ukr support mos move sev
vie support tri
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Turkey: fleet/dislodged bla
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bla move ank
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
ank move bla
arm move sev
ber support den move kie
bla move arm
bul move rum
bur move bel
con move smy
den move kie
eng support bur move bel
gre move bul
kie move hol
gol support spa/sc
mid move por
mar hold
mun support tyr
nth support bur move bel
par move bre
rum move bla
ser support gre move bul
sev support bla move arm
sil move mun
spa/sc support mid move por
tri support vie
tyr support mun
tys move ion
ukr move rum
vie support tri
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army/dislodged arm
Russia: fleet arm
England: army bel
France: army/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
France: fleet pic
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move syr
bel move ruh
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
France: fleet pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army edi
build Fleet lvp
build Army mos
remove pic
remove ruh
remove smy
build Fleet ven
build Army war
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank hold
arm move ank
bel support edi move hol
ber move kie
bre move gas
bud support ser move tri
bul move gre
con support arm move ank
edi move hol via convoy
eng convoy lon move pic
ion move eas
kie move den
lon move pic via convoy
lvp move iri
gol move tys
mar move pie
mos move stp
mun support tyr
nth convoy edi move hol
por hold
rum move bla
ser move tri
sev move rum
sil move ber
spa/sc move gol
syr move smy
tri move tyr
tyr support mun
ukr move gal
ven move adr
vie support tri move tyr
war move sil
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
Germany: army/dislodged hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank support bla move con
bel move ruh
ber move mun
bla move con
bud support ser move rum
con support eas move smy
den move nth
eas move smy
eng move nth
gal move boh
gas move bur
gre move bul
hol move kie
iri move nat
kie support ber move mun
gol move tys
nth move nwy
pic hold
pie move tyr
por move mid
rum hold
ser move rum
sil support ber move mun
smy hold
stp move fin
tri hold
tyr move boh
tys move ion
vie move gal
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Austria: fleet/dislodged con
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Italy: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
con move aeg
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move smy
bud move rum
bul move rum
bur move mun
eas move smy
edi move nth
eng hold
hol move kie
mid hold
nat move nrg
nwy support edi move nth
pic move bel
pie move tyr
ruh support hol move kie
rum move sev
smy move arm
tri hold
tyr move boh
vie move gal
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
Russia: army/dislodged kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
arm hold
bel move bur
boh support tyr move mun
bud move rum
bul support aeg move con
bur move mun
eng hold
ion move eas
kie support nth move den
mid hold
nth move den
nrg move bar
nwy move swe
ruh support bur move mun
sev support bud move rum
smy support aeg move con
tri move bud
tyr move mun
vie move bud
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Russia: fleet/dislodged con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
Russia: fleet/dislodged den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove arm
build Army bud
build Fleet edi
build Army lon
build Fleet lvp
build Army ven
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
bel move ruh
boh support tyr move mun
bud move gal
bul move gre
bur support ruh move mun
con hold
den move bal
edi move cly
eng convoy lon move spa
kie support ruh move mun
lon move spa via convoy
lvp move iri
mid convoy lon move spa
ruh move mun
rum support bud move gal
sev move mos
swe move bot
tri support vie
tyr move mun
tys hold
vie support tri
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
England: fleet cly
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
Russia: army/dislodged mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
England: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
England: fleet cly
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
England: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bal move lvn
bar move stp/nc
boh move mun
bot support bar move stp
bur move mar
cly move nat
con move bla
eas move ion
gal move war
gre hold
ion move tys
iri move mid
kie move ber
mid move naf
mos support gal move war
mun hold
ruh support mun
rum move ukr
smy hold
tri move ser
tyr support boh move mun
tys move gol
ven move pie
vie move gal
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
remove boh
build Army bud
build Fleet edi
build Army lon
build Army lvp
remove smy
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
ber move sil
bla move ank
bot hold
bud move vie
edi move nth
eng convoy lon move bel
gal support vie move boh
ion move tun
lon move bel via convoy
lvn move pru
lvp move yor
gol support tys move wes
mid move wes
mos move lvn
mun support ber move sil
naf support mid move wes
nat move mid
pie move mar
ruh move bur
ser move tri
spa support mar
stp/nc hold
tri move adr
tys move wes
ukr move war
vie move boh
war move pru
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Italy: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
bel move ruh
boh support tyr move mun
bur support mun
gal move sil
lvn move pru
gol support tys move wes
mid move por
mos move lvn
naf move mid
nth convoy yor move hol
pie move mar
sil move ber
spa support mar
tri move tyr
tun support tys move wes
tyr move mun
tys move wes
vie support boh
war support gal move sil
yor move hol via convoy
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
England: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army lon
build Fleet lvp
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
England: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move con
ber support mun
boh support sil move mun
bot hold
bud move rum
bur support mar
eng hold
gre move ser
hol move kie
ion move tys
lon move nwy via convoy
lvn move pru
lvp move cly
gol support pie move mar
mid move naf
mun hold
nat hold
nth convoy lon move nwy
pie move mar
por support spa
pru move bal
ruh support mun
sil move mun
spa hold
stp/nc hold
tri move vie
tun move naf
tyr support sil move mun
ukr move mos
vie move gal
war move sil
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
England: fleet cly
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support ber
ber support mun
boh support sil move mun
bot support stp/nc
bur support mar
cly hold
con move aeg
eng hold
gal move sil
kie support mun
gol support pie move mar
mid hold
mar hold
mos support war move lvn
mun hold
nat support mid
nth hold
nwy support stp/nc
pie move mar
por support spa
pru move ber
ruh support mun
rum move ukr
ser move bud
sil move mun
spa support mar
stp/nc hold
tun move naf
tyr support sil move mun
vie move gal
war move lvn
wes support tun move naf
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
England: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army tri
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
England: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg hold
bal support ber
ber support mun
boh support sil move mun
bot move swe
bud move gal
bur support mar
cly move nat
eng support nat move mid
gal move sil
kie support mun
lvn move stp
gol move spa/sc
mid move spa/sc
mar support mid move spa
mos support lvn move stp
mun hold
naf move mid
nat move mid
nth move nrg
nwy support stp/nc
pie move mar
por support mid move spa
pru move ber
ruh support mun
sil move mun
spa move gas
stp/nc hold
tri support vie
tyr support sil move mun
tys support wes
ukr move war
vie support tri
wes support gol move spa
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
England: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
