PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
bud move rum
con move bul
edi move nth
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mos move ukr
nap move ion
rom move nap
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move adr
ven hold
vie hold
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move tri
bla support bud move rum
bud move rum
bul support bud move rum
con move ank
eng move bel
ion convoy nap move tun
nth move nwy
ven hold
vie move bud
yor move lon
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
build Fleet lvp
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
bel move hol
bla move sev
bul move gre
edi move nth
ion convoy nap move tun
lon move wal
lvp move iri
nwy move swe
smy move aeg
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
England: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
bud move ser
gre move ser
hol move nth
ion convoy nap move tun
iri move mid
nth move den
rum support bla move sev
swe move bal
tri move adr
ven move tyr
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army con
build Army edi
build Army lon
build Fleet lvp
build Fleet smy
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bal move ber
bla convoy con move sev
con move sev
den move kie
gre move bul
mid move bre
nth convoy edi move hol
sev move mos
smy move aeg
wal move lon
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre move ion
bal support den move kie
bla move sev
den move kie
gre move ion
lon move bel
mid move bre
mos move stp
nth convoy edi move hol
sev move mos
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
England: fleet kie
Germany: fleet/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army con
build Fleet lvp
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal support kie move ber
bud move ser
bul move rum
con move bul
edi move yor
ion move tun
kie move ber
lvp move iri
mid move spa/sc
mos move war
nth convoy lon move bel
sev support bul move rum
smy move aeg
tri move ven
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army/dislodged ber
England: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal move swe
bul move ser
ion move tys
iri move eng
nth convoy lon move bel
rum support bul move ser
spa/sc move mid
yor move wal
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Turkey: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army con
build Army edi
build Fleet lvp
build Fleet smy
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
adr move apu
ank move smy
con move bul
edi move yor
eng convoy wal move bre
ion support tys move nap
lon move bel
lvp move iri
mid support wal move bre
nth convoy lon move bel
rum move bud
ser support rum move bud
smy move aeg
swe move nwy
tri move bud
tun move wes
tys move nap
vie move bud
wal move bre
war move gal
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
England: army bre
France: fleet/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army/dislodged nap
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
England: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg convoy smy move nap
bel move bur
ber move kie
bre move par
ion convoy smy move nap
iri move mid
mid move spa/sc
nap move rom
nth convoy yor move nwy
nwy move swe
smy move nap
wes move spa/sc
yor move nwy
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army con
build Army edi
build Army lon
build Fleet lvp
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bre move par
bud support ser move tri
bul move ser
bur support bre move par
con move bul
edi move hol
gal move vie
ion move adr
iri move mid
kie move bal
mid move spa/sc
nth convoy edi move hol
ser move tri
sev move bla
smy move aeg
swe move bot
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
France: army/dislodged par
France: supply par
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
France: supply par
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
bal support bot
bot hold
bud move vie
gal support bud move vie
hol move kie
ion move tun
iri move mid
mid move spa/nc
nth support nwy
nwy hold
par move gas
rom move tys
ser move tri
tri move ven
ven move tri
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Austria: army/dislodged ven
Austria: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
