PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move tri
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move pie
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move gas
rom move tus
sev move bla
smy hold
stp/sc move bot
tri move adr
vie move tyr
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move alb
bla move con
bot move swe
bul move gre
con move bul/sc
gal support ukr move rum
gas move spa
hol hold
ion move gre
kie move den
mid move por
nth move den
nrg move nwy
pie support ven
ruh move bel
smy move ank
tri move ser
tus support ven
tyr move tri
ukr move rum
ven support tus
yor hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
build Army mun
build Army par
build Fleet sev
build Fleet smy
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move con
bel move ruh
ber move kie
bla support sev move arm
bul hold
con move aeg
gal move rum
hol move hel
ion move tun
kie move den
lon move eng
mar move gol
mun move tyr
nth convoy yor move den
nwy move ska
par move bur
pie hold
por move mid
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sev move arm
smy move eas
spa move mar
swe support yor move den
tri move bud
tus move ven
ven move tyr
vie move bud
war move gal
yor move den
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
arm move ank
ber move kie
bla support arm move ank
bul support rum
bur move bel
con support ser move bul
den hold
eas move smy
eng support nth move bel
gre support ser move bul
hel support kie move den
kie move den
gol move tys
mid move wes
mar move pie
mun support ber move kie
nth move bel
pie move tyr
ruh move hol
rum support bul
ser move bul
ska support den
swe move bal
tri move bud
tun hold
tus move ven
ven move tyr
vie support tri move bud
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove ber
build Fleet edi
remove hel
build Fleet lon
build Fleet nap
build Army sev
remove smy
build Fleet tri
build Army war
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support con
ank move con
bal hold
bel move hol
bla support sev move rum
bud move rum
bul support bud move rum
bur move mun
con support bul
den hold
edi move nth
eng move bel
gal support sev move rum
gre move ion
hel hold
hol move ruh
kie move mun
lon support edi move nth
mar move pie
mun move tyr
nap move ion
pie move tus
rum move ser
sev move rum
ska support den
tri move adr
tun support nap move ion
tus move ven
tys support pie move tus
ven move tyr
vie move gal
war support gal
wes support tys
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army/dislodged tus
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
tus move rom
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg support con
ank move con
bal move ber
bla move bul/ec
bud support bul move ser
bul move ser
bur move ruh
con hold
den hold
gal support ser move bud
gre support adr move ion
hol support nth move hel
ion move tys
kie move mun
lon move nth
mun move bur
nth move hel
pie move ven
rom move tus
ruh support mun move bur
ser move bud
sev move rum
ska support den
tun support ion move tys
tus support pie move ven
tys move rom
ven support rom move tus
vie move gal
war move ukr
wes move tun
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Germany: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet/dislodged hel
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bur move par
hel disband
ion move alb
ser move tri
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove ion
build Fleet lon
build Army mos
build Fleet sev
build Army war
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support con
alb move gre
ank support bul/ec move con
bel move pic
ber support den move kie
bul/ec move con
bud support vie move tri
con support gre move bul/ec
den move kie
gal support tri move bud
gre move bul/sc
hel move hol
hol move bel
lon move eng
mos move sev
mun support ruh move kie
nth move nrg
par hold
pie support tus move ven
rom move tus
ruh move kie
rum support tri move bud
ser support bud
sev move bla
ska move nth
tri move bud
tun move tys
tus move ven
tys support wes move tun
ukr support rum
ven support rom move tus
vie move tri
war move sil
wes move tun
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: fleet/dislodged tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bud move vie
tun move ion
ven move tyr
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support con
alb move gre
ank support bul/ec move con
bel move pic
ber support den move kie
bla support bul/ec move con
bul/ec move con
bud move vie
con support gre move bul/ec
den move kie
eng support pic move bre
gal support bud move vie
gre move bul/sc
hol support den move kie
ion support alb move gre
nth move bel
nrg move nat
par move gas
pic move bre
pie support ven
rum move ser
ser move bud
sev move arm
sil move boh
tri move ser
tun support tys
tus support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
tys support tun
ukr move rum
ven support pie
vie support ser move bud
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army/dislodged con
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
con disband
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet lon
build Fleet lvp
build Army par
remove ruh
remove tyr
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
ank move con
arm support con move smy
bla support ank move con
boh move vie
bre hold
bud move vie
bul/sc move con
con move smy
eng move mid
gal support vie move bud
gas move bre
gre hold
ion move tys
lon move eng
lvp move iri
mun move tyr
par support gas move bre
pic support bre
pie move tus
rum move ser
tri support bud move vie
tun move wes
tus move rom
tys move rom
ukr move rum
ven support pie move tus
vie move bud
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move ank
bel move eng
bla support con
boh support vie
bre move gas
bud support tri move vie
bul/sc move con
con support bla
eng move bre
gal support rum move bud
gas support par move bre
gre hold
hol move kie
ion move tun
iri support nat move mid
kie move ruh
mid move por
nat move mid
par move bre
pic support eng move bre
rum move bud
ser move tri
smy move syr
tri move vie
tus move rom
tyr move pie
tys move nap
ven support tus move rom
vie support ser move tri
wes move tun
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Germany: army pie
England: fleet por
France: supply por
France: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: fleet syr
Russia: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bud move ser
tri move alb
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Germany: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: fleet syr
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bul/sc
remove gre
remove ion
build Fleet lon
build Army mar
build Army sev
build Army war
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Germany: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: fleet syr
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb support ser move tri
ank move con
bel hold
bla support aeg move bul/sc
boh support vie move tyr
bre move gas
bud move ser
con move aeg
eng move bre
gal move bud
gas move spa
ion move nap
iri move mid
kie move hol
lon move eng
mid move naf
mar move pie
nap move ion
par move gas
pic support eng move bre
por move spa/sc
rom move tus
ruh move bur
ser move tri
sev move rum
syr move eas
tri support bud move ser
ven support mar move pie
vie move tyr
war move sil
wes support gas move spa
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Russia: army/dislodged tri
Russia: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Russia: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
tri move vie
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Russia: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb move ser
bel move pic
bla move con
boh support tyr
bre move gas
bud move tri
bur move par
con move aeg
eas support con move aeg
eng move mid
hol move kie
ion move tun
lon move wal
mid move spa/sc
naf support ion move tun
nap move ion
par hold
pic move eng
pie move mar
por support mid move spa/sc
rum support ser
ser support bud move tri
spa hold
tri support alb move ser
tus support ven
tyr support bud move tri
ven hold
vie support bud move tri
wes support spa
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
France: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Russia: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army sev
build Army smy
remove tus
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
France: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb move ser
ank move smy
bur move par
con support ank move smy
eas move ion
gas move spa/nc
ion move tun
mid support gas move spa/nc
mar support spa
naf move wes
par hold
por support gas move spa/nc
rum move bul
ser support aeg move gre
sev move arm
smy move con
spa support mar
tri move alb
tun hold
tyr support vie move tri
ven hold
vie move tri
wal move iri
wes support ion move tun
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
France: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Turkey: army/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
smy move syr
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
France: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
alb move ser
arm move syr
bul move rum
bur move mar
eas move ion
gre hold
ion move tun
iri move mid
mid move wes
mar move bur
naf support mid move wes
par move bre
por move spa/sc
ser support tri move alb
smy support arm move syr
spa/nc move por
syr move smy
tri move alb
tun hold
tyr support vie move tri
ven hold
vie move tri
wes support ion move tun
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
France: fleet/dislodged ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
France: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
France: fleet/dislodged wes
ORDERS
ion move adr
wes move gol
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
France: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army mun
build Army par
build Army stp
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
France: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg move gre
alb support aeg move gre
bel move pic
boh move vie
bre support par
bur move gas
con move aeg
eng support pic move bre
gre hold
ion support wes move tys
gol move spa/sc
mid move wes
mar support gol move spa/sc
mun hold
naf support mid move wes
par support bre
pic move bre
por move mid
rum move bul
ser support aeg move gre
sil move boh
smy move con
spa/nc move por
syr move smy
tri support alb
tun hold
tyr support tri
ven support adr move tri
wes move tys
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Russia: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
France: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
England: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
aeg support gre move ion
boh move sil
bre support par
bul move rum
eng support pic move bre
gas move par
gre move ion
ion move nap
mid move spa/sc
mar support spa/sc
mun move bur
naf move wes
par support bre
pic move bre
por support mid move spa/sc
ser support tri
spa/sc support mar
tri support tyr
tun hold
tyr support vie move boh
tys move rom
ven move tri
vie move boh
wes move gol
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nap
Russia: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove adr
build Army war
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nap
Russia: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move pru
eng move mid
gas support bur move par
ion support nap move tys
kie move ber
gol move mar
mid move spa/sc
mar move gas
nap move tys
par support mar move gas
por support mid move spa/sc
spa/sc move mar
tri move ven
tun move tys
tyr support tri move ven
ven move pie
war move gal
wes support mid move spa/sc
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Russia: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: fleet tys
Russia: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move tri
boh move tyr
bre hold
gal move boh
gas support pie move mar
ion move nap
gol support spa/sc move mar
mid support bre
par hold
pie move mar
por support wes move spa/sc
rom move tus
spa/sc move mar
tun move tys
tyr move pie
tys support aeg move ion
ven support tyr move pie
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nap
Russia: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Russia: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
England: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Russia: army tyr
Russia: fleet tys
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
build Fleet lon
build Fleet lvp
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nap
Russia: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Russia: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
England: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Russia: army tyr
Russia: fleet tys
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bre hold
edi move nrg
gas move bur
ion move tun
lon move eng
lvp move iri
gol support spa/sc move mar
mid move wes
par support gas move bur
pie support bur move mar
por move spa/sc
spa/sc move mar
tun move tys
tys support ion move tun
wes move naf
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Germany: army/dislodged bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Russia: fleet nap
Russia: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Russia: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
England: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Russia: army tyr
Russia: fleet tys
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Russia: fleet nap
Russia: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Russia: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
England: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Russia: army tyr
Russia: fleet tys
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bur support par
eng move nth
iri move eng
nrg move nwy
par support bur
sil move mun
tun move ion
tus move rom
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Russia: fleet nap
Russia: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Russia: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: fleet tys
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bur
build Fleet edi
build Fleet lon
build Army war
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Russia: fleet nap
Russia: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Russia: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: fleet tys
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move pic
boh move mun
bre move gas
edi move nth
eng move mid
ion move aeg
lon move eng
gol move tys
mar move gol
mun move bur
nap move apu
nth move bel
par hold
pie move mar
rom move nap
tyr move pie
tys move ion
war move sil
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Russia: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet naf
England: fleet nap
Russia: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Russia: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
England: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bur support mar move gas
gas move mid
ion move adr
mid move por
mar move gas
par move bre
tri move tyr
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet naf
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Russia: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
England: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army par
remove rum
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet naf
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Russia: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
England: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bre support par
bur support gas move par
eng move bre
gas move par
gol move mar
mun move ruh
par support bre
pie support ven move tus
tyr move mun
ven move tus
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet naf
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Russia: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Russia: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
England: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tus
England: fleet tys
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move tri
apu move adr
bre hold
bur move gas
mid move gas
mun move bur
sil move mun
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet naf
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Russia: army par
Russia: supply par
England: fleet pic
Russia: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
England: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: fleet tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tus
England: fleet tys
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army war
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet naf
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Russia: army par
Russia: supply par
England: fleet pic
Russia: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
England: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: fleet tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tus
England: fleet tys
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bre hold
bur move gas
mun move bur
par support bur move gas
sil move mun
war move sil
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet naf
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Russia: army par
Russia: supply par
England: fleet pic
Russia: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
England: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: fleet tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tus
England: fleet tys
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bre hold
bur move ruh
eng support mid move bre
gas move bre
mid move bre
mun move sil
nap move apu
par support gas move bre
pru move lvn
ruh move mun
sil move pru
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet naf
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Russia: army par
Russia: supply par
England: fleet pic
Russia: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
England: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: fleet tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tus
England: fleet tys
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bre hold
eng move bre
gas move bur
mid support eng move bre
spa/sc move wes
wes move gol
PHASE 1914 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: army/dislodged bre
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet naf
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Russia: army par
Russia: supply par
England: fleet pic
Russia: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
England: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: fleet tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tus
England: fleet tys
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bre move gas
PHASE 1914 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet naf
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Russia: army par
Russia: supply par
England: fleet pic
Russia: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
England: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: fleet tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tus
England: fleet tys
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu move ven
bre move eng
bur support mid move gas
gas support bur move mar
mid move gas
par move bre
pic move bre
PHASE 1914 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army/dislodged gas
England: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet naf
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Russia: army par
Russia: supply par
England: fleet pic
Russia: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
England: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: fleet tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tus
England: fleet tys
England: fleet ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
gas move spa/sc
PHASE 1914 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet naf
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Russia: army par
Russia: supply par
England: fleet pic
Russia: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
England: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: fleet tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tus
England: fleet tys
England: fleet ven
England: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
remove pru
PHASE 1915 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet naf
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Russia: army par
Russia: supply par
England: fleet pic
Russia: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
England: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: fleet tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tus
England: fleet tys
England: fleet ven
England: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bre move mid
bur support gas
eng move bre
gas hold
gol move spa/sc
naf move mid
par support pic move bre
pic support eng move bre
por support naf move mid
spa move por
wes support gol move spa/sc
PHASE 1915 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet naf
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Russia: army par
Russia: supply par
England: fleet pic
Russia: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
England: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: fleet tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tus
England: fleet tys
England: fleet ven
England: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
spa/sc move gol
PHASE 1915 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet naf
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Russia: army par
Russia: supply par
England: fleet pic
Russia: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
England: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: fleet tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tus
England: fleet tys
England: fleet ven
England: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet lon
PHASE 1916 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet naf
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Russia: army par
Russia: supply par
England: fleet pic
Russia: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
England: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: fleet tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tus
England: fleet tys
England: fleet ven
England: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1916 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet naf
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Russia: army par
Russia: supply par
England: fleet pic
Russia: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
England: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: fleet tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tus
England: fleet tys
England: fleet ven
England: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1917 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet naf
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Russia: army par
Russia: supply par
England: fleet pic
Russia: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
England: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: fleet tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tus
England: fleet tys
England: fleet ven
England: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move hol
ber move bal
lon move nth
gol move pie
nth move ska
nwy move bar
por move mid
tys move tus
ven move tri
PHASE 1917 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet naf
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Russia: army par
Russia: supply par
England: fleet pic
Russia: army pie
England: supply por
England: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: fleet tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tus
England: fleet tys
England: fleet ven
England: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ion move alb
bal move bot
bre support gas
bur move gas
gas hold
hol move kie
ion move alb
lvn move bot
gol support mar
mid move wes
mar hold
mun move kie
nth move hel
par support bur move gas
pie move ven
ruh move kie
ser move alb
sil move pru
ska move den
tri support ser move alb
tus move ven
tys move nap
wes move tys
PHASE 1918 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet naf
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Russia: army par
Russia: supply par
England: fleet pic
Russia: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
England: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: fleet tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tus
England: fleet tys
England: fleet ven
England: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
bal move bot
bre support pic
bur move pic
den move swe
hel move den
hol move kie
ion move apu
lvn move bot
gol support mar
mar hold
mun move tyr
naf move wes
nap move apu
par support bur move pic
pic support bre
pie support tus
ser move tri
tri move alb
tus support pie
tys move nap
ven support nap move apu
wes move tys
PHASE 1918 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Russia: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Russia: army par
Russia: supply par
England: fleet pic
Russia: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
England: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tus
Russia: army tyr
England: fleet tys
England: fleet ven
England: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ion
alb support ion
apu support ven move adr
bal support swe move bot
bre support pic
gas hold
kie move ber
gol support mar
mar hold
nap support tys move ion
pic hold
pru move sil
swe move bot
tus move ven
tys move ion
ven move adr
wes move tys
PHASE 1918 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
Russia: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
England: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Russia: army par
Russia: supply par
England: fleet pic
Russia: army pie
England: supply por
England: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove ber
build Fleet sev
build Army war
PHASE 1919 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
Russia: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Russia: army par
Russia: supply par
England: fleet pic
Russia: army pie
England: supply por
England: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support apu move ven
alb move ion
apu move ven
bal move bot
bot move fin
bur move pic
den move swe
gas move mid
ion move tun
lvn move bot
nap support tys move ion
par support bur move pic
pic move bel
sev move bla
sil move ber
tyr move mun
tys move ion
war move pru
wes move tys
PHASE 1919 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
Russia: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Russia: army par
Russia: supply par
Russia: army pic
Russia: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
England: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
England: fleet tys
Russia: army/dislodged ven
England: fleet ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ven move tus
PHASE 1919 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
Russia: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Russia: army par
Russia: supply par
Russia: army pic
Russia: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
England: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tus
England: fleet tys
England: fleet ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move ion
bel move nth
ber support mun move kie
bre move mid
ion move eas
gol move tys
mid move wes
mar move gol
mun move kie
nap move ion
ruh move hol
tun move naf
tys move nap
PHASE 1919 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
Russia: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet naf
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Russia: army par
Russia: supply par
Russia: army pic
Russia: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
England: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tus
England: fleet tys
England: fleet ven
England: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove nth
build Fleet sev
PHASE 1920 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
Russia: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet naf
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Russia: army par
Russia: supply par
Russia: army pic
Russia: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
England: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tus
England: fleet tys
England: fleet ven
England: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move ion
ber move mun
bla move con
con move bul
lvn move bot
par move gas
pie move mar
pru move lvn
sev move bla
smy move ank
stp move fin
tri move tyr
PHASE 1920 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Russia: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet naf
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Russia: supply par
Russia: army pic
Russia: army pie
England: supply por
England: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tus
Russia: army tyr
England: fleet tys
England: fleet ven
England: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bla move con
bot move fin
bul move ser
con move aeg
lvn support stp
mun move ruh
naf move mid
stp support lvn
tyr move mun
PHASE 1921 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Russia: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet naf
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Russia: supply par
Russia: army pic
Russia: army pie
England: supply por
England: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tus
England: fleet tys
England: fleet ven
England: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
con move aeg
ion move tun
mun move bur
naf support ion move tun
ser move bud
PHASE 1921 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Russia: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet naf
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Russia: supply par
Russia: army pic
Russia: army pie
England: supply por
England: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tus
England: fleet tys
England: fleet ven
England: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move con
bud move rum
ion move tys
naf support tun move wes
tun move wes
PHASE 1921 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Russia: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet naf
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Russia: supply par
Russia: army pic
Russia: army pie
England: supply por
England: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tus
England: fleet tys
England: fleet ven
England: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
England: fleet/dislodged wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1921 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Russia: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet naf
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Russia: supply par
Russia: army pic
Russia: army pie
England: supply por
England: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tus
England: fleet tys
England: fleet ven
England: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1922 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Russia: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet naf
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Russia: supply par
Russia: army pic
Russia: army pie
England: supply por
England: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tus
England: fleet tys
England: fleet ven
England: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move eas
bot support stp move fin
bur move mar
gas support bur move mar
ion support aeg move eas
naf move mid
pie support tus move ven
stp move fin
tus move ven
wes support naf move mid
PHASE 1922 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: fleet/dislodged eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Russia: fleet mid
England: fleet/dislodged mid
Russia: army mar
England: fleet/dislodged mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Russia: supply par
Russia: army pic
Russia: army pie
England: supply por
England: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ven
England: fleet/dislodged ven
England: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1922 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Russia: fleet mid
Russia: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Russia: supply par
Russia: army pic
Russia: army pie
England: supply por
England: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ven
England: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
eas move ion
ion move tys
kie move ber
mid move eng
mar move bur
ruh move kie
ven move tyr
wes support ion move tys
PHASE 1922 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Russia: supply par
Russia: army pic
Russia: army pie
England: supply por
England: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: fleet tys
England: fleet/dislodged tys
England: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1922 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Russia: supply par
Russia: army pic
Russia: army pie
England: supply por
England: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: fleet tys
England: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1923 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Russia: supply par
Russia: army pic
Russia: army pie
England: supply por
England: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: fleet tys
England: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
bot support fin move swe
eng move nth
fin move swe
ion move nap
rum move ser
tys support ion move nap
PHASE 1923 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet nap
England: fleet/dislodged nap
England: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Russia: supply par
Russia: army pic
Russia: army pie
England: supply por
England: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
England: fleet/dislodged swe
England: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: fleet tys
England: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1923 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet nap
England: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Russia: supply par
Russia: army pic
Russia: army pie
England: supply por
England: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
England: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: fleet tys
England: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
nap move ion
nth move ska
swe move fin
tys support wes move gol
wes move gol
PHASE 1923 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Russia: fleet gol
England: fleet/dislodged gol
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
England: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Russia: supply par
Russia: army pic
Russia: army pie
England: supply por
England: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: fleet tys
England: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1923 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Russia: fleet gol
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
England: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Russia: supply par
Russia: army pic
Russia: army pie
England: supply por
England: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: fleet tys
England: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1924 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Russia: fleet gol
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
England: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Russia: supply par
Russia: army pic
Russia: army pie
England: supply por
England: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: fleet tys
England: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ion move apu
lvn move stp
gol move wes
ska move den
tys move ion
PHASE 1924 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
England: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Russia: supply par
Russia: army pic
Russia: army pie
England: supply por
England: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
England: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu move adr
bot support den move bal
den move bal
ion support apu move adr
PHASE 1924 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
England: fleet/dislodged adr
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet/dislodged bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
England: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Russia: supply par
Russia: army pic
Russia: army pie
England: supply por
England: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
England: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1924 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
England: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Russia: supply par
Russia: army pic
Russia: army pie
England: supply por
England: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
England: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1925 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
England: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Russia: supply par
Russia: army pic
Russia: army pie
England: supply por
England: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
England: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move den
bot move swe
pie move tus
tyr move pie
PHASE 1925 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
England: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Russia: supply par
Russia: army pic
Russia: army pie
England: supply por
England: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tus
England: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
den move nth
swe move ska
PHASE 1925 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
England: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Russia: supply par
Russia: army pic
Russia: army pie
England: supply por
England: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tus
England: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1926 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
England: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Russia: supply par
Russia: army pic
Russia: army pie
England: supply por
England: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tus
England: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
nth move nrg
ska move nwy
PHASE 1926 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
England: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Russia: supply par
Russia: army pic
Russia: army pie
England: supply por
England: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tus
England: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
