PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move hol
lon move eng
lvp move wal
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move apu
sev move bla
smy move ank
stp/sc move fin
tri move alb
ven hold
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
apu support ven
bla support ukr move rum
bul move rum
bur move bel
con move bla
eng convoy wal move bre
fin move swe
gal move bud
hol move bel
ion move tun
kie move den
mid move spa/sc
nth move nwy
ruh move hol
ser support tri move bud
spa move por
tri move bud
ukr move rum
ven hold
wal move bre
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet kie
build Army lon
build Fleet lvp
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet sev
build Fleet smy
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank hold
apu move ven
bla support ukr move rum
bre support lon move pic
bud move rum
bul move rum
bur move pic
con support smy move aeg
den move kie
eng convoy lon move pic
gal support ukr move rum
gre move ion
hol support ruh move bel
kie move den
lon move pic
lvp move iri
mun move sil
nap move ion
nwy move nrg
par support bur move pic
por move spa
ruh move bel
ser support bud move rum
sev support ukr move rum
smy move aeg
spa/sc move mid
swe hold
tri move alb
tun move wes
ukr move rum
ven move pie
vie move tri
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
alb move ion
ank move arm
bel hold
bla support rum
bre hold
bud hold
bul move rum
bur move gas
con move bla
den move kie
eng support bre
gal move war
gre support alb move ion
hol move nth
iri move mid
kie move den
lon move wal
mid move bre
nap move ion
nrg move nat
par support mid move bre
pie move mar
rum move ser
ser support gre
sev move arm
sil move war
spa move mar
swe hold
tri move tyr
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army mun
build Army war
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move con
ank move arm
bel move ruh
bla support rum
bre move pic
bud move vie
bul move rum
con move bla
eng support bre move pic
gal support rum
gas support mid move bre
gre hold
iri move mid
kie move den
mid move bre
mun move ber
nat support iri move mid
nap move tys
nth convoy den move nwy
par support mid move bre
pie move mar
rum support gal
ser move tri
sev move arm
sil move mun
spa move mar
swe hold
tyr move ven
ven move pie
wal move lon
war hold
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move con
ank hold
ber move sil
bla move ank
bul move ser
con move bul/sc
den move nwy via convoy
eng convoy lon move bel
gal move bud
gre hold
ion move eas
kie move den
lon move bel
mid support wes move spa
mun hold
nat move nrg
nth convoy den move nwy
pic move bur
pie support ven
ruh move bel
rum move bul
sev move bla
swe move nwy
tri move ser
tyr move tri
tys move nap
ven support pie
vie move bud
war move gal
wes move tun
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bur
build Fleet mar
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
ank move smy
bla support rum move bul
bre move mid
bul support aeg move gre
con move smy
den move edi via convoy
eas move smy
eng convoy lon move naf
gal move rum
gas move mar
gre support rum move bul
kie move den
lon move naf
mid convoy lon move naf
mar move gol
mun move sil
nap move ion
nth convoy den move edi
nrg move nwy
par move bre
pie move mar
ruh move mun
rum move bul
sev move arm
sil move pru
spa move por
swe hold
tri move ser
tun move wes
tyr move tri
vie move bud
war hold
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
Germany: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: army naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move ank
bla support arm move ank
bre move pic
bud move ser
bul move con
con support ank
den move nth
eas move smy
eng move lon
gas move mar
gre move aeg
ion move tun
gol support gas move mar
mid move iri
mun hold
naf move tun
nth move bel
nwy support swe move ska
par move bur
pie move mar
por move spa
pru move war
rum support bul
ser move gre
sil support pru move war
swe hold
war move sil
wes support naf move spa
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: army naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
war move ukr
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: army naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
remove con
build Fleet kie
build Army mos
remove naf
build Army vie
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move con
ank support bla move con
bel hold
ber move bal
bla move con
bud support vie move gal
bul support rum
bur move mar
edi move yor
gre move aeg
ion move aeg
iri move lvp
kie move den
lon move nth
gol convoy mar move tus
mar move tus via convoy
mos move war
mun hold
nth support bel
nwy support lon move nth
pic move eng
pie move mar
rum support bul
ser move gre
sil support war
smy support gre move aeg
spa support bur move mar
swe hold
tri move vie
ukr support mos move war
vie move gal
war hold
wes move tys
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet/dislodged aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet/dislodged nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
aeg disband
nth move hol
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
ank support con
bal move swe
bel support hol move nth
bud move vie
bul support rum
con support bul
den support bal move swe
eng move lon
gal support mos move war
gre support aeg move bul
hol move nth
ion move tun
lvp hold
gol convoy spa move pie
mar support spa move pie
mos move war
mun move boh
nth move lon
nwy move nrg
pie move tus
rum support ukr
sil support war
spa move pie via convoy
swe move den
tus move ven
tys move rom
ukr support mos move war
ven support pie move tus
vie move tyr
war hold
yor move edi
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Germany: army/dislodged war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
nth move nwy
swe move nwy
war move pru
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Fleet lon
build Army mos
build Army sev
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank support con
bel support nth
boh move mun
bre move mid
bul support con
con support ank
den move swe
eng hold
gal move sil
gre move ser
lon support nrg move nth
lvp move cly
gol move tys
mar support pie
mos support war
nth hold
nrg move nth
pie hold
pru move ber
rom move tys
rum support bul
sev move arm
sil support boh move mun
smy move aeg
swe move bot
tun move wes
tus support ven
tyr move mun
ukr support war
ven support tus
vie move boh
war move sil
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
ank move con
arm support con move smy
bel hold
ber move pru
boh move vie
bot move stp/sc
bul move gre
con move smy
edi move lvp
eng move iri
gal move bud
ion move adr
gol move tys
mid move spa/sc
mar move pie
mos move stp
nth move lon
pie move tus
rom move nap
rum move bud
ser support vie move tri
sil move mun
swe move nwy
tus move pie
tyr move mun
ukr move rum
ven support tus move pie
vie move tri
war move lvn
wes move tun
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove aeg
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
remove gal
build Army kie
remove lon
build Army mun
remove nrg
build Army stp
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tyr move ven
arm move ank
bel move eng
ber move sil
bre move mid
bul move gre
con move aeg
kie move mun
lvn move war
lvp move yor
mar move pie
mos support stp
mun move tyr
nap move tys
nth move edi
nwy move bar
pie move mar
pru hold
rum move bul
ser move bud
sil move gal
smy move eas
spa/sc move gol
stp support lvn
tri support tyr move ven
tun support nap move tys
tyr move ven
tys move nap
ukr support lvn move war
vie hold
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Russia: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
France: fleet/dislodged tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
tys move ion
ven move rom
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Russia: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
adr support tri
aeg support eas
ank move con
bar move nwy
bot hold
bud move rum
bul move ser
cly move lvp
eas support aeg
edi hold
eng move lon
gal move bud
gre support bul move ser
ion move nap
iri move mid
gol support mar move pie
mid move wes
mar move pie
mos support stp
mun hold
pie move ven
pru hold
rom support pie move ven
sil move gal
stp support mos
tri support ven
tun support tys
tyr move tri
tys hold
ukr move rum
ven hold
vie support gal move bud
war hold
yor move lvp
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Russia: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Austria: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
ven move apu
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
remove adr
remove apu
build Army ber
build Army kie
build Army mar
build Fleet sev
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
ber move sil
bot hold
bud support tyr move tri
con move bul
eas move ion
edi move nth
gal hold
gre move alb
kie move hol
lon move eng
gol support pie move tus
mid move naf
mar move pie
mos move ukr
nap support wes move tys
nwy hold
pie move tus
pru move ber
rom support tys move nap
ser support ukr move rum
sev move bla
stp hold
tri hold
tyr move tri
tys move nap
ukr move rum
ven support rom
vie support tyr move tri
war support mos move ukr
wes move tys
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Russia: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
France: fleet/dislodged nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
nap move apu
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Russia: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move tri
apu move ven
ber move sil
bla move con
bot hold
bud support tri
bul support rum
eng move mid
gal hold
hol move ruh
ion move adr
gol move wes
mun move tyr
naf move tun
nth convoy yor move den
pie support apu move ven
rum move bud
ser support alb move tri
sil move boh
stp hold
tri support pie move ven
tus move rom
tys support tus move rom
ukr move gal
vie support tri
war support ukr move gal
yor move den via convoy
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Russia: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
Italy: army/dislodged rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army/dislodged ven
France: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Russia: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: fleet ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Army par
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Russia: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: fleet ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support alb move tri
alb move tri
ber move pru
boh move gal
bot hold
bud support boh move gal
bul move rum
con move aeg
den move nwy via convoy
gal support rum move bud
ion support adr
mid hold
mar move gol
mos support stp
mun move boh
nth convoy den move nwy
nwy move bar
par move bur
pie move ven
rom move nap
ruh move bel
rum move bud
ser support rum move bud
sil hold
stp support mos
tri move ser
tun support tys move ion
tyr support tri
tys move ion
ven move adr
vie support boh move gal
war support gal
wes move tys
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Russia: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: fleet ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ion move eas
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: fleet ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support alb move tri
aeg move gre
alb move tri
bar support nwy move stp
bel hold
boh move gal
bot support nwy move stp
bud support boh move gal
bul support ser
eas move aeg
gal support war
ion support ven move adr
gol move tys
mid hold
mos support stp
mun hold
nth move nwy
nwy move stp
pie move tus
pru move lvn
rom support tys move nap
rum move bud
ser support rum move bud
sil move war
stp move nwy
tun support ion
tyr move boh
tys move nap
ven move adr
vie support boh move gal
war support gal
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Russia: fleet/dislodged adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: fleet/dislodged nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Russia: army/dislodged stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move apu
gal move ukr
stp move fin
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Germany: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army mar
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Germany: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
aeg hold
alb move tri
apu support gre move ion
bar move stp/nc
ber move pru
boh move gal
bot move swe
bud support alb move tri
bul support ser
fin move stp
gal move rum
gre move ion
ion move eas
lvn support stp move mos
mos support fin move stp
mun move tyr
nap support rom move apu
nwy hold
rom move apu
ser support alb move tri
sil move war
stp move mos
tri hold
tun move ion
tus move ven
tys support tun move ion
ukr support mos
vie support tri
war move gal
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Russia: supply ank
France: army apu
Germany: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support nap move ion
aeg move smy
alb support ser
bar support lvn move stp
boh move gal
bud support bul move rum
bul move rum
eas support ion move aeg
gre hold
ion move aeg
lvn move stp
mid move wes
mar move pie
mos support stp
nap move ion
nwy support lvn move stp
pru move war
rum move sev
ser support bud
sil support pru move war
stp move nwy
swe move fin
tri support vie move bud
tyr support tri
tys support nap move ion
ukr move sev
ven support tri
vie move bud
war move pru
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Russia: supply ank
France: army apu
Germany: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet fin
Germany: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
ORDERS
war move lvn
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Russia: supply ank
France: army apu
Germany: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet fin
Germany: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army kie
build Army mun
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Russia: supply ank
France: army apu
Germany: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet fin
Germany: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move alb
aeg support eas move smy
alb move tri
apu hold
bar support stp
ber move pru
bud move gal
bul move rum
bur hold
eas move smy
fin move bot
gal support war
gre move aeg
ion support adr move alb
kie move ber
lvn move war
mos support lvn move war
nwy move swe
pie move tus
rum support vie move bud
ser support bul move rum
sil support war
smy move eas
stp hold
tri support vie move bud
tyr support tri
tys hold
ukr move sev
ven support tri
vie move bud
war hold
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
France: army apu
Germany: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Germany: army/dislodged rum
Germany: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
ORDERS
rum move ukr
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
France: army apu
Germany: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move smy
alb support apu move gre
apu move gre via convoy
bar move stp/nc
bel move pic
ber move pru
bot support pru move lvn
bud support rum
eas support aeg move smy
gal move bud
gre move aeg
ion convoy apu move gre
lvn support mos move war
mos move war
mun move ruh
pru move lvn
rum support ser
ser support bud
sev support mos
sil hold
smy move eas
stp move mos
swe move bal
tri support gal move bud
tus move rom
ukr support stp move mos
ven support tri
vie support gal move bud
war support stp move mos
wes hold
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
France: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
France: fleet smy
Russia: fleet/dislodged smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
ORDERS
smy move con
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
France: army gre
France: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Army par
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
France: army gre
France: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
alb support gre
bal move kie
ber move sil
bot move swe
bre move eng
bud support tri move ser
bur hold
con support aeg move bul
eas move aeg
gre hold
ion support eas move aeg
mos support ukr move sev
par support bur
rom support ven
rum support ser
ser support rum
sev move mos
sil move gal
smy support eas move aeg
tri move ser
tyr move boh
tys move tun
ukr move sev
ven hold
vie move bud
war move ukr
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
France: army gre
France: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
ORDERS
sev move arm
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
France: army gre
France: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move con
arm move sev
boh move vie
bud move ser
bul/sc support con
con support bul/sc
gal support ukr move rum
gre move bul
ion move aeg
kie move hol
pic move bel
rom move nap
ruh move mun
rum support arm move sev
ser move bud
sev support ukr move rum
smy support aeg move con
swe move nwy
tri support bud move ser
tun move ion
ukr move rum
vie move bud
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
France: fleet con
Russia: fleet/dislodged con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
France: army gre
France: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
ORDERS
con move bla
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
France: fleet con
France: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
France: army gre
France: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
ORDERS
