PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
par move bur
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move ven
vie move bud
war move sil
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move bla
bot move swe
bud move ser
bul move gre
bur move mun
con move bul
den move swe
eng move bel
kie move ber
mid move por
nth convoy yor move nwy
ruh move hol
ser move gre
sev move arm
sil move ber
tri hold
ukr move rum
yor move nwy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Fleet edi
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
build Army par
build Fleet sev
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
arm support sev move bla
bel support nth move hol
ber move mun
bla support ank move arm
bot move swe
bud move ser
bul hold
con support bul
den move nth
edi move nth
hol move bel
kie support ber move mun
lon support edi move nth
mar move gol
mun support sil move ber
nth move hol
nwy move swe
par move bur
por move mid
rum move bul
ser move gre
sev move bla
sil move ber
tri move adr
vie move tyr
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Germany: army/dislodged hol
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tyr move ven
ank move arm
arm support sev move bla
bel support hol
ber support bur move mun
bla move sev
bot move swe
bre move mid
bul support ser move rum
bur move mun
con support bul move ank
gre support rum move bul
hol support bel
lon hold
gol move tys
mid move wes
nth move den
nwy move swe
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sev move bla
spa move mar
tyr move ven
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army lvp
build Army mos
build Fleet stp/sc
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
arm support sev move bla
bot move swe
bre move mid
bul move con
gre move bul
hol move kie
lvp move yor
mid move wes
mar move pie
mos move ukr
mun move kie
nth move den
nwy move swe
ser support gre move bul
sev move bla
stp/sc move fin
tri move alb
tys move ion
ven move apu
vie move gal
wes move tun
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Russia: fleet arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Turkey: fleet/dislodged bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Russia: army/dislodged bul
Russia: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
bul move rum
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Russia: fleet arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
alb move gre
ank hold
apu move ven
arm move ank
bel support hol
ber support hol move kie
bla support arm move ank
bot support fin move swe
bul support ser move rum
fin move swe
gal support ser move rum
hol support bel
lon move eng
mid move naf
mun move tyr
nth move den
nwy move swe
pie move ven
rum move bud
ser move rum
tun support tys move ion
tys move ion
ukr move war
wes move tys
yor move lon
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army/dislodged ank
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army sev
build Army smy
build Army tri
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support gre move ion
ank move con
apu support tri move ven
bel support lon move pic
ber support hol move kie
bla support sev move rum
bot move bal
bre move eng
bud support sev move rum
bul move ser
con hold
eng convoy lon move pic
gal move bud
gre move ion
hol move kie
ion move adr
lon move pic
naf move mid
nth move den
pie move ven
rum support gal move bud
sev move rum
smy support con
swe move den
tri move ven
tun move tys
tyr support pie move ven
tys move tus
war move gal
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: army/dislodged kie
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ion move aeg
rum move ukr
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg support ank move con
ank move con
apu support ion move nap
bal move den
bla support ank move con
bre hold
bud move gal
con support smy move ank
eng move bre
gal move war
ion move nap
kie support nth move den
mid move iri
nth move den
nwy move swe
pic move par
pie move tus
rum move ser
ser move bud
smy move ank
swe support bal move den
tri support adr move ven
tus move rom
tyr move vie
tys support tus move rom
ukr move mos
war move ukr
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army/dislodged con
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
France: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
con move bul
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
remove bal
build Fleet edi
build Army lon
build Fleet lvp
build Army mar
build Fleet smy
remove swe
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
ank support bul move con
apu move rom
ber move pru
bla move ank
bre move eng
bud support tri move vie
bul move con
con support bla move ank
den support kie
edi move nth
eng convoy lon move bre
gal move war
iri move nat
kie support den
lon move bre
lvp hold
mar move bur
mos move stp
nap move ion
nwy move swe
par support lon move bre
rom hold
ser support vie move bud
smy support bul move con
tri move vie
tus support rom
tys move ion
ukr support gal move war
ven hold
vie move bud
war move mos
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: army bre
France: fleet/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Russia: fleet/dislodged con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bre move mid
con move aeg
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: army bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
ank move con
apu move ven
bel hold
bla move rum
bre support par
bud move tri
bur move ruh
con move bul
den move nth
eng support bre
kie move ber
mos hold
nap move ion
nth move nrg
pru move lvn
rom move nap
ser move tri
smy move aeg
stp support mos
tus move ven
tys support rom move nap
ukr move mos
ven move tri
vie support ven move tri
war support ukr move mos
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove aeg
build Army edi
build Army lon
build Army mar
remove mos
remove ser
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
apu move ven
bel move hol
ber move kie
bre move gas
con move bul
edi move den
eng convoy lon move bre
ion move gre
lon move bre
lvn support ukr move mos
nth convoy edi move den
par move bur
rum move bla
smy move aeg
stp move mos
swe move nwy
tri move alb
ukr move mos
vie move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg hold
alb move gre
arm move sev
bla move sev
bre hold
bul move con
bur move mar
den move kie
eng support bre
gal move rum
gas move spa
hol move bel
ion support alb move gre
kie move hol
lvn move stp
lvp move cly
mos support lvn move stp
nth support hol
nrg move bar
nwy move stp
stp hold
ven hold
vie move bud
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
France: fleet/dislodged gre
France: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Austria: army/dislodged stp
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
stp move fin
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet edi
remove fin
build Army lon
build Army sev
build Army war
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
France: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
ank support arm
arm hold
bar support nwy move stp
bel support nth move hol
bre hold
bur move mar
cly move nrg
con move bul
edi move nth
eng convoy lon move pic
gre move bul/sc
hol move kie
ion move tun
kie move mun
lon move pic
mos move stp
nth move hol
nwy move stp
rum move bud
sev move rum
spa support bur move mar
stp move fin
ven hold
vie move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
France: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
England: army mar
France: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
France: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
England: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
ank move con
arm move ank
bar support stp
bel support hol
bla move sev
bre hold
bul support aeg move gre
fin move swe
gal move bud
gre hold
hol support kie
mar support spa
mos move stp
mun hold
nth support bel
nrg move nwy
pic move bur
rum move ser
sev move rum
spa support mar
tun hold
ven move rom
vie move bud
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
France: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: fleet/dislodged gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
England: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gre move alb
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
France: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
build Army lon
build Fleet smy
build Army tri
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
France: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bar move nrg
bre hold
bul move gre
bur move mar
con move bul
edi move cly
eng convoy lon move pic
gal support ser move bud
gre move ion
hol support bel
kie support hol
lon move pic
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun support kie
nth hold
rum support ser move bud
ser move bud
sev move bla
smy move con
spa move por
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
France: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
England: army por
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move con
bud support gal move vie
bul move ser
cly move nat
con move bul/ec
eng support bre
gal move vie
gre support bul move ser
hol support bel
kie support hol
mar move pie
mos move stp
mun support kie
nth move den
nrg move nth
nwy hold
pic move bur
por support spa
rom move nap
rum move ser
spa support por
swe move den
tri move ser
tun move tys
vie move bud
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
France: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Austria: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: army por
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
vie move tyr
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: army por
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army lon
build Army sev
build Army war
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: army por
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb support tri
ank support con
bla support sev move arm
bre move par
bud move ser
bur move mar
con hold
eng convoy lon move pic
gre support bul
ion move aeg
lon move pic
mun move tyr
nat move mid
nap hold
nth move ska
nrg move nat
pie move ven
por move spa
rum support bud move ser
sev move arm
spa move gas
tri hold
tyr move ven
tys move gol
war move pru
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
England: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
alb move gre
ank hold
arm move ank
bel move eng
bla support arm move ank
con support ank
eng move bre
gas move mar
gre support bul
hol move nth
kie move ber
gol move pie
mid move wes
mar move pie
mun support kie move ber
nap move rom
nwy support ska move swe
par move gas
pic move bur
pie move ven
pru move ber
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
ska move swe
spa support gas move mar
swe move den
tri support tyr move vie
tyr move vie
vie move tri
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
England: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Russia: army/dislodged vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
vie move bud
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
England: army ven
England: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army lon
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
England: army ven
England: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move ion
ank move arm
arm move ank
ber move kie
bla support arm move ank
bud move vie
bul move con
bur move mun
den move kie
eng hold
gas move bur
gre move bul
lon move den
gol move pie
mar support spa
mun move tyr
nat move mid
nth convoy lon move den
nwy move ska
par move pic
pru move ber
rom move ven
ser move gre
smy support con
spa support mar
swe move bal
tri support rom move ven
ven support mun move tyr
vie move bud
wes move tun
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
Austria: fleet pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
England: army tyr
Austria: army ven
England: army/dislodged ven
England: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ven move tus
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
Austria: fleet pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
England: army tus
England: army tyr
Austria: army ven
England: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank support bla move con
bal move kie
bla move con
bul support ser move gre
den move kie
eng move mid
gre move bul
ion move tys
lon move den
mid move wes
mar support spa
nth convoy lon move den
pie move tus
pru move ber
ser move gre
ska support lon move den
smy support con
spa support mar
stp hold
tri support ven
tun hold
tus move rom
tyr move ven
ven hold
vie move boh
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
Russia: army/dislodged den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gre
Turkey: army/dislodged gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
England: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
England: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
England: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
den move swe
gre move alb
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
England: army rom
England: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
England: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
