PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move rum
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move wal
mar support par move bur
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move apu
sev move rum
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
tri hold
ven move tri
vie move gal
war move lvn
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu move gre
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
bot move swe
bud move ser
bul move ser
bur move pic
den hold
eng convoy wal move bre
gal move rum
ion convoy apu move gre
kie move hol
lvn move war
mid move por
mar move spa
nth move nwy
ruh move mun
sev move arm
stp move nwy
tri move ven
ven move tri
wal move bre
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army ber
build Army con
build Army kie
build Fleet lvp
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
ber move mun
bla convoy con move rum
bre move gas
bud move ser
bul support con move rum
con move rum
eng move mid
gre move alb
hol move bel
ion support gre move alb
kie move ruh
lvp move iri
mos move sev
mun move bur
nap move apu
nth move nwy
par support pic move bre
pic move bre
por move mid
rum support bud move ser
sev support con move rum
spa move mar
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri move adr
ven move tri
vie move tri
war move ukr
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
rum move bud
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support vie move tri
alb move ser
apu move ven
arm support sev
bel hold
bla move rum
bre support par
bud support ser
bul support alb move ser
bur support gas move par
den hold
eng support gas move bre
gas move bre
ion move gre
iri move mid
mar move gas
mos move sev
mun move sil
par support bre
por move mid
ruh move mun
rum move bud
ser hold
sev hold
swe support nwy
ukr support mos move sev
ven move tri
vie move tri
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army con
build Army kie
remove nth
build Army rom
build Army war
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
apu move adr
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
bre move gas
bud move ser
bul move ser
con move bul
eng support iri move mid
gas move spa
gre move ion
iri move mid
mar move spa
mos support ukr move sev
nwy move fin
par support bre move gas
por move mid
rom support ven
rum support sev move ukr
ser move tri
sev move ukr
swe move nwy
tri support bud move ser
ukr move sev
ven support ser move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Italy: army/dislodged ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ser move gre
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
apu move adr
arm support sev
bel move pic
bla support rum
bul support gre move ser
bur hold
con hold
eng move nth
fin move stp
gal move bud
gas move bur
gre move ser
ion move tun
kie move ruh
mid move nat
mar support gas move bur
mos support ukr move sev
mun support bur
nwy move swe
par support gas move bur
por hold
rom move ven
rum move bud
ser move bud
sev hold
sil move war
tri move vie
ukr move sev
ven move tri
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Germany: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ser move alb
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Fleet lon
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
remove stp
remove vie
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr move alb
alb move gre
arm support sev
bla convoy con move rum
bre support par move pic
bul support con move rum
bur move bel
con move rum
den hold
gal move war
lon move nth
mar move bur
mos support ukr
mun support ruh move bur
nat move nrg
nap move ion
nth move ska
par move pic
pic support ruh move bur
por move spa/sc
ruh move bur
rum move bud
ser support rum move bud
sev support con move rum
swe move bal
tri move vie
tun support nap move ion
ukr support gal move war
ven move tri
war hold
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Austria: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Germany: army/dislodged war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ion move aeg
war move sil
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
alb support ser move gre
arm move smy
bal move swe
bel hold
bla move con
bre move mid
bud hold
bul support ser move gre
bur move par
den support ska move swe
gre hold
ion move tys
mar move bur
mos move sev
mun move ruh
nth move nwy
nrg move bar
pic move par
rom move tus
rum support sev
ser move gre
sev hold
sil move mun
ska move swe
spa/sc move wes
tri move ven
tun move naf
ukr support mos move sev
war hold
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove aeg
build Fleet edi
build Army kie
build Army lon
build Army par
build Army rom
build Army smy
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move ion
arm support sev
bar move stp/nc
bel support pic move bur
bud support rum move gal
bul move rum
bur support ruh move bel
con move aeg
den move nth
edi move nrg
gre hold
kie move hol
lon move yor
mid move gas
mar move gas
mos move war
mun move bur
naf move wes
nwy support bar move stp/nc
par support pic move bur
pic move bur
rom move ven
ruh move bel
rum move gal
sev support bul move rum
smy move con
swe hold
tus support ven move pie
tys move gol
ukr move gal
ven move pie
vie support rum move gal
war move pru
wes move tun
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bel support bur
bud support gal
bur support bel
con move bul
gal support rum move ukr
gre move tun
hol support nth move bel
ion convoy gre move tun
gol support pie move mar
mid move spa/sc
mar support mid move spa/sc
mun move ber
nth move bel
nrg move nat
nwy move nrg
par move gas
pie move mar
ruh move mun
rum move ukr
sev support rum move ukr
stp/nc hold
swe move nwy
ven move tyr
vie move boh
wes support gre move tun
yor move wal
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tun
France: fleet/dislodged tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Russia: army/dislodged ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
tun move tys
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
arm move sev
bel support bur
ber support mun
bud move gal
bul move rum
bur support gas move mar
gal move sil
gas move mar
hol move bel
kie support mun
lon move eng
mun hold
nat move mid
nth support hol move bel
nrg support nwy
nwy support stp/nc
sev move mos
spa/sc support tys move gol
stp/nc support nwy
tys move gol
ukr support sev move mos
wal move lon
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
France: army/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet/dislodged gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
Italy: army/dislodged mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move ruh
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bel move hol
ber hold
boh support tyr move mun
bur support mun
eng convoy lon move bre
gal move war
ion move tys
kie support ber
lon move bre
gol support spa/sc move wes
mid move por
mar support bur
mos move lvn
mun hold
nth move den
nrg move edi
nwy move nth
ruh support mun
rum move gal
sev move mos
sil support tyr move mun
spa/sc move wes
tun hold
tus move pie
tyr move mun
ukr support sev move mos
wes move naf
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet con
build Army lon
build Army lvp
remove gol
build Fleet rom
build Army ven
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber support mun
boh support sil
bre move par
bur move par
con move aeg
den move bal
edi move nth
eng convoy lon move pic
gal move war
hol hold
ion move tys
kie support mun
lon move pic
lvn move pru
lvp move wal
mar move gas
mos support gal move war
mun hold
naf move wes
nth move nwy
por move mid
rom move tus
ruh move bel
rum move gal
sil support lvn move pru
stp/nc hold
tun hold
tyr move mun
tys move gol
ukr support gal move war
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Turkey: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
war disband
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Turkey: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal support ber
bel hold
ber hold
boh support tyr move mun
bre move par
bur support bel
eng convoy wal move bel
gal support sil
gas move par
hol move ruh
kie support mun
gol support wes move spa/sc
mid move por
mos move lvn
mun hold
nth support wal move bel
nwy support nth
pic support wal move bel
pie move mar
pru move ber
sil support tyr move mun
spa/sc move por
stp/nc support nwy
tun hold
tus move pie
tyr move mun
tys move wes
ukr move mos
ven move tyr
wal move bel
war support pru
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
France: army/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: fleet pie
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move hol
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: fleet pie
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bal
build Army con
remove hol
build Army lon
build Army rom
build Army ven
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: fleet pie
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move bur
ber move mun
boh support mun
bre support pic move par
bur support gas move par
con move bul
eng move mid
gal move ukr
gas move par
ion move tys
kie support ber move mun
lon move hol
lvn move pru
gol support pie move mar
mid move por
mar move bur
mos move lvn
mun support mar move bur
nth convoy lon move hol
nwy support stp/nc
pic move par
pie move mar
pru move ber
rom move ven
ruh support ber move mun
sil support pru move ber
spa/sc support pie move mar
stp/nc support nwy
tyr support mun
ven move pie
wes move naf
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
France: supply par
Italy: fleet pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
bel support hol
ber hold
boh support mun
bre support par
bul move rum
bur move par
gas support bur move par
hol support bel
kie move mun
gol support pie move mar
mid support por
mar move bur
mun support mar move bur
naf support tys move wes
nth move den
nwy support stp/nc
par support bre
pie move mar
por support mid
pru support ber
rom move ven
ruh support kie move mun
sil support ber
spa/sc support mar
stp/nc support nwy
tun support naf
tyr support mun
tys move wes
ukr move mos
ven move pie
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: fleet pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bur
build Fleet con
build Army edi
remove gas
build Fleet lon
build Fleet lvp
build Fleet nap
remove ruh
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: fleet pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel support par move bur
ber move kie
boh move gal
bre move gas
con move aeg
den support mun move kie
edi move yor
hol support mun move kie
kie hold
lon move nth
lvn support mos move stp
lvp move iri
gol move tys
mid support por
mar support spa/sc
mos move stp
mun support ber move kie
naf support wes move tun
nap move ion
nwy support stp/nc
par move bur
pie move gol
por support mid
pru move war
rom move nap
rum move ser
spa/sc support mar
stp/nc support nwy
tun move naf
tyr move vie
ven move tri
war move gal
wes move tun
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Turkey: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Turkey: army kie
Germany: army/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
kie move ruh
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Turkey: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Turkey: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support ser move gre
bel move ruh
boh move gal
bur support bel move ruh
den hold
gas support bur
hol support bel move ruh
ion move gre
iri support mid
kie support sil move mun
lvn support mos move stp
gol support spa/sc
mid support por
mar support spa/sc
mos move stp
mun move bur
naf support tun
nap hold
nth convoy yor move bel
nwy support stp/nc
por support mid
pru move sil
ser move gre
sil move mun
spa/sc support mar
stp/nc support nwy
tri support vie move bud
tun hold
tys move ion
vie move bud
war move gal
yor move bel
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Turkey: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Turkey: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Italy: army/dislodged mun
Italy: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
