PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move eng
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move wal
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move apu
sev move rum
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven support tri
vie move bud
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
apu move tun via convoy
arm move sev
bla move rum
bot move swe
bud move tri
bul support bla move rum
bur move bel
den move swe
eng support bur move bel
ion convoy apu move tun
kie move hol
nth support nrg move nwy
nrg move nwy
ruh move bel
rum move bla
ser support alb move gre
spa move por
stp move fin
ukr move sev
ven hold
wal move lon
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Fleet con
build Fleet edi
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet sev
build Fleet smy
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bel support par move bur
ber move pru
bot move swe
bre move mid
bud move rum
bul support rum
con move aeg
den move swe
edi move nth
eng support bel
fin support bot move swe
gre support ser move bul
hol move ruh
ion move eas
mun move sil
nap move ion
nth move eng
nwy move stp/nc
par move bur
por move spa
ruh move kie
rum support arm move sev
ser move bul
sev hold
smy move eas
tri support ven
tun hold
ukr support sev
ven support tri
vie move gal
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bul move con
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
arm move sev
bel move hol
bud move rum
bul support bud move rum
bur move mun
con move bul
den move swe
edi move nth
eng move iri
fin move nwy
gal support bud move rum
gre support bul
ion move aeg
kie move hol
lon hold
mid move nat
nap move ion
nth move nwy
pru move war
ruh move mun
rum support con move bul
sev move bla
sil support pru move war
smy move eas
spa hold
stp/nc support nth move nwy
swe support fin move nwy
tri support ven
tun hold
ukr move sev
ven hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
remove eas
build Fleet lvp
build Army mun
build Army vie
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move eas
arm move ank
bel support bur move ruh
bla move sev
bre move eng
bud move gal
bul support rum
bur move ruh
con move ank
den move bal
fin move swe
gal move ukr
gre support bul
ion convoy tun move alb
iri support nat move lvp
kie move den
lon move wal
mun hold
nat move lvp
nap move apu
nth move eng
nwy move swe
ruh move hol
rum support gal move ukr
sil move war
spa move mar
stp/nc move nwy
tri hold
tun move alb
ukr move mos
ven hold
vie support bud move gal
war move lvn
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
England: fleet/dislodged lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
lvp move cly
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
alb move ser
apu move adr
arm support sev
bal move swe
bel support ruh move hol
bre move eng
bul support gre
cly support wal move lvp
con move bul
den support bal move swe
eas move aeg
fin support mos move stp
gal support ukr move war
gre support eas move ion
hol hold
ion support eas move aeg
iri support lvp
lvn support war move mos
lvp support iri
mar move bur
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nth move eng
nwy support stp/nc
ruh move hol
rum move ser
sev move bla
stp/nc support nwy
tri move ser
ukr move war
ven move tri
vie move tyr
wal move lvp
war move mos
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: army/dislodged hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
hol disband
mos move sev
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove cly
remove fin
build Army mar
build Army mun
build Army par
remove sev
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven
aeg support con move bul
alb move gre
arm move sev
bel support bur move ruh
bla move rum
bre move eng
bud support tri
bul support rum
bur move ruh
con move bul
den move kie
gal support war
gre move alb
hol support bur move ruh
ion support alb move gre
iri move lvp
lvn support mos move war
lvp move cly
mar move pie
mos move war
mun support ruh
nth move eng
nwy support stp/nc
par move bur
ruh support mun
rum support bul
swe move bal
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
ven hold
wal move lvp
war hold
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: army/dislodged bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bul move ser
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven
aeg support bul
bal move kie
bel hold
bla move ank
bre move eng
bud move rum
bul support sev move rum
bur move mun
cly move edi
gal support war
gre hold
hol support ruh move kie
ion support gre
iri move lvp
kie move ruh
lvn support mos move war
mos move war
mun support kie move ruh
nth move edi
nwy support stp/nc
pie move tyr
ruh move kie
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sev move rum
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
ven support pie move tyr
wal move lon
war support mos
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
Germany: army/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Austria: army/dislodged tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
kie move ber
rum move ukr
tyr move boh
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet con
build Army nap
build Army par
build Army sev
remove ukr
remove war
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
aeg move con
ank move con
bal support mun move kie
bel move ruh
ber support mun move kie
boh move vie
bud support tri
bul support rum
bur move mun
cly move edi
con move ank
eng support lvp move wal
gal support boh move vie
hol support kie
ion convoy nap move alb
kie support bur move mun
lon hold
lvn support mos move war
lvp move wal
mos move war
mun move kie
nap move alb
nth move edi
nwy move swe
par move bur
rum support bul
ser support tri
sev move arm
stp/nc hold
tyr support bur move mun
ven move tri
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
France: army/dislodged kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
kie move den
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
aeg move gre
alb move ser
ank move bla
arm move ank
bal support kie move den
ber move kie
bud support ser
bul support aeg move gre
bur move bel
cly move edi
con move smy
den move kie
eng move lon
gal move boh
gre support alb move ser
hol support den move kie
ion move aeg
kie move den
lvn move pru
mun support ruh move kie
nth support lon
ruh support den move kie
rum move sev
ser support tri
swe support bal move den
tri support ser
tyr support mun
ven move tri
vie support tri
wal support eng move lon
war hold
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove ank
build Fleet bre
remove bud
build Fleet con
build Fleet mar
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move gre
alb support aeg move gre
bal move den
ber support war move sil
bla move ank
boh move tyr
bre move eng
bul support gre
con move bla
edi move nth
eng move lon
gre support smy move aeg
hol support ruh move kie
kie move den
mar move gol
mun support tyr move boh
nth move eng
pru support ber
ruh move kie
ser support tri
sev move mos
smy move aeg
stp/nc move nwy
swe move ska
tri support vie move tyr
tyr move boh
ven hold
vie support boh move tyr
wal support eng move lon
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet/dislodged aeg
Italy: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army/dislodged lon
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
lon move yor
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move con
alb move nap
ank move con
bal move den
bel hold
bla move con
boh support vie move tyr
bre move eng
bul support gre
edi support lon move nth
gre hold
hol move kie
ion convoy alb move nap
kie move den
lon move nth
gol move tys
mos move war
mun move ber
pru support ber
ruh support hol move kie
ser hold
tri support vie move tyr
tyr support ven move tri
ven hold
vie move tyr
wal move lvp
war move sil
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: army/dislodged tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
nth move nrg
tyr move pie
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove bal
build Army con
build Army rom
build Army smy
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg convoy smy move gre
ank move bla
bel move wal via convoy
ber move sil
bla support con move ank
boh support tyr move mun
bul move rum
con move ank
edi support nth move nrg
eng convoy bel move wal
gre move alb
hol move kie
ion move tun
kie move den
lvp support bel move wal
nap hold
nth move nrg
nrg support ska move nth
nwy support ska move nth
pie move tyr
pru support sil move war
rom support ven
ruh support mun
ser hold
sil move war
ska move nth
smy move gre via convoy
tri move tyr
tyr move mun
tys support ion
ven support rom
war hold
yor move lon
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Russia: fleet/dislodged ank
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: fleet/dislodged nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Germany: army war
Turkey: army/dislodged war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
nrg move nat
war move gal
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Germany: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb support aeg move ion
ank move arm
arm move sev
boh support tyr move mun
den move swe
edi move nth
eng move mid
gal move bud
gre move ser
kie move den
lon hold
lvp move nat
mun support sil move boh
nat move mid
nap hold
nth move eng
nrg move nwy
nwy move nth
pie move tyr
pru support sil move war
rom support ven
ruh support mun
ser move rum
sil move war
tri move bud
tun support tys move ion
tyr move mun
tys move wes
ven support rom
wal move lon
war move mos
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
France: army swe
France: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove alb
build Fleet bre
remove ion
remove lon
build Army par
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
France: army swe
France: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
boh support tyr move mun
bre move eng
den support swe
edi move nth
eng move bel
gal move ukr
gre move bul
lvp move nat
mos support sev
mun support pie move tyr
nap move apu
nrg move nwy
par move bur
pie move tyr
pru move lvn
rom support ven
ruh support mun
rum move bul
ser move bul
swe support nrg move nwy
tri move vie
tun move wes
tyr move mun
ven support tyr move pie
wal move lon
war hold
wes move mid
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: supply kie
France: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
France: army swe
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Austria: army/dislodged tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
tyr move tri
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: supply kie
France: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
France: army swe
France: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu move ven
arm move sev
bel hold
bla support arm move sev
boh move mun
bur move mun
den hold
edi hold
eng move mid
gre move bul
lon hold
lvn move stp
lvp move nat
mid move spa/sc
mos support lvn move stp
mun move ber
nwy hold
rom hold
ruh move hol
rum move bul
ser move bud
swe move fin
tri support vie move tyr
tyr support bur move boh
ukr move war
ven move pie
vie move tyr
war hold
wes move gol
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
France: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bre
build Army con
build Fleet mar
build Army par
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
France: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bel move eng
ber support bur move mun
boh move mun
bre move gas
bud move ser
bur move mun
con move bul
den move kie
edi move nrg
fin move stp
gre hold
hol move ruh
lon move wal
lvp move iri
gol move mar
mid move naf
mar support spa/sc
mos support stp
nwy support fin move stp
par move bur
pie support gol move mar
rom support ven
rum move bud
sev move ukr
spa/sc support mar
stp support mos
tri move ser
tyr support boh move mun
ukr move gal
ven hold
war support mos
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army fin
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
France: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ber move pru
bla move ank
boh move gal
bud move ser
bul move ser
bur move mun
eng move nth
fin support nrg move nwy
gal move sil
gas move mar
gre support bul move ser
iri move mid
kie support bur move mun
gol move wes
mar move gol
mos support stp
naf move tun
nrg move nwy
nwy move swe
par move bur
pie move mar
rom support ven
ruh support bur move mun
rum support bul move ser
spa/sc support mar move gol
stp hold
tri move ser
tyr move mun
ukr move gal
ven hold
wal move lon
war support gal
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army fin
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army con
build Fleet mar
build Fleet smy
remove tyr
remove wes
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army fin
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
boh move gal
bre move mid
bud move ser
bur support gas move mar
con move bul
fin support lon move nwy
gas move mar
gre move ser
kie move ber
lon move nwy via convoy
gol move tys
mid move naf
mar move gol
mos support stp
mun support kie move ber
nth convoy lon move nwy
nwy move bar
pie move ven
pru move lvn
rom move nap
ruh support mun
rum support ser move bud
ser move bud
sil move mun
smy move aeg
spa/sc move wes
stp hold
swe move bot
tri support bud move ser
tun move ion
ukr move gal
ven move rom
war support ukr move gal
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
France: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bar support nwy move stp
ber support mun
boh move vie
bot support nwy move stp
bud support boh move vie
bur move ruh
fin support nwy move stp
gal support ser move bud
gre move alb
ion move adr
lvn move mos
gol move tus
mid move naf
mar move pie
mos support stp move lvn
mun support ber
naf move tun
nap hold
nth move den
nwy move stp
rom support nap
ruh move kie
rum move sev
ser move bud
stp move lvn
tri support bud
tys move ion
ven move tus
war support sil
wes move tys
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: army/dislodged lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: army stp
Germany: supply stp
France: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
lvn move pru
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: army stp
France: supply stp
France: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
