PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move eng
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move hol
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move tys
par move bur
rom move tus
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move fin
tri move alb
ven hold
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
bla support bul move rum
bre move eng
bul move rum
bur move bel
con move bul
fin move swe
gal move vie
hol support ruh move bel
kie move mun
lon move eng
nth convoy yor move nwy
ruh move bel
ser support bul move rum
spa hold
tri move vie
tus move ven
tys move tun
ukr move gal
ven move tyr
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: fleet/dislodged rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
rum disband
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army bud
build Fleet con
build Fleet edi
build Fleet kie
build Army par
build Army rom
build Army sev
build Fleet smy
build Army stp
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move bur
ber move kie
bla support rum
bre move eng
bud support vie
bul move ser
bur move bel
con support bul
gal move boh
gre hold
hol move bel
kie move hel
lon move eng
mun support bel move bur
par move pic
rom move nap
rum support bul move ser
ser support tri
sev support rum
smy move aeg
spa move por
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri support ser
tun move wes
tyr move pie
ukr move gal
ven hold
vie support bud
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
England: army/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bur move mar
nwy move fin
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bel move hol
bla support rum
boh move vie
bre move pic
bud support vie
bul support aeg move gre
bur move bel
con move aeg
edi move nrg
fin move stp
gal support boh move vie
gre hold
hel move den
kie support hel move den
lon move eng
mar hold
mun move bur
nth support lon move eng
nwy move stp
pic move par
pie move mar
por move spa
rum move ser
ser support gre
sev move ukr
swe move nwy
tri support ser
vie support bud
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: fleet/dislodged gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
gre move ion
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army con
remove fin
build Army mun
build Army stp
remove tri
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bel move pic
bla move con
boh move tyr
bre move eng
bud move ser
bul move ser
bur move gas
con move bul
den move bal
eng move mid
gal move bud
gre support aeg move ion
hol hold
ion move eas
kie move den
mar support por move spa
mun move bur
nap hold
nth move ska
nrg move nth
nwy move swe
par support pic
pic support bre move eng
pie move mar
por move spa
rum support bul move ser
ser move alb
stp move nwy
swe move bal
ukr move war
ven move tri
vie move tri
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move pic
bud move tri
bul move gre
bur support gas move par
con move smy
den support ska move swe
eas move aeg
eng move bre
gal move bud
gas move par
gre move ion
hol support bel
ion move tun
kie move mun
mid move spa/nc
mar move spa
nth move lon
par move bur
pie move mar
por hold
rum support gal move bud
ser support gal move bud
ska move swe
stp move lvn
swe move bal
tyr move mun
ven hold
vie move boh
war move sil
wes support mid move spa
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove alb
build Fleet ank
build Army ber
remove boh
build Army con
build Fleet edi
build Fleet lvp
remove por
remove ven
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
ank move con
bal convoy lvn move swe
bel move pic
ber move pru
bre move mid
bud move vie
bur move mun
con move bul
den move bal
edi move nth
gre support con move bul
hol move hel
ion move tys
kie support bur move mun
lon move eng
lvn move swe via convoy
lvp move iri
mar hold
nap hold
nwy support lvn move swe
par support bel move pic
pic move bre
pie move mar
rum move ser
ser move tri
sil move mun
smy move aeg
spa/nc move por
swe move bal
tri move tyr
tun move wes
tyr support ser move tri
wes move tys
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
England: fleet/dislodged swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
swe move bot
tri move bud
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move con
bal move swe
bot move stp/sc
bre support mid move eng
bud move rum
bul move rum
con support smy move aeg
den move bal
eng move bre
gre move bul
hel move hol
ion move gre
iri move mid
kie move ber
mid move eng
mun move sil
nap hold
nth move nwy
nwy move stp
par move bur
pic move bel
pie move ven
por move spa/sc
pru move war
ser support vie move bud
sil move war
smy move aeg
swe move nwy
tri support vie move bud
tun support ion move tys
tyr move vie
vie move bud
wes move tys
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet/dislodged aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: fleet/dislodged eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg disband
bud disband
eng move lon
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bot
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/sc
build Army war
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal support sil move pru
bel move ruh
ber support mun move sil
bre move mid
bud move gal
bul move ser
bur support spa/sc move mar
con move aeg
den move swe
eng support hol move nth
gre move alb
hol move kie
ion move adr
lon move eng
mar hold
mun move sil
nap hold
nth support den
pru support mun move sil
ser move tri
sil move pru
smy move eas
spa/sc move por
stp/sc move lvn
tri move ven
tun move wes
tys move rom
ven move tri
vie move tyr
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
aeg move gre
alb hold
bal support pru move ber
ber move pru
bre move mid
bul move ser
bur move mar
den support kie move bal
eas move ion
eng support bre move mid
gal move sil
ion move tun
kie move bal
lon move eng
lvn move pru
mid move spa/sc
mar move spa
nap hold
nth support lon move eng
por support mid move spa
pru move ber
rom hold
ruh move mun
ser move tri
sil support ber move pru
tri move ven
tyr move mun
ven hold
war support gal move sil
wes move mid
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Russia: fleet/dislodged bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet/dislodged eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: army/dislodged sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move bot
eng move iri
sil move boh
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
build Army kie
remove mar
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr convoy alb move apu
alb move apu via convoy
bal move swe
ber support kie
boh move gal
bot move bal
bre hold
bur support ruh move mun
den support bal move swe
edi move nrg
eng move mid
gre move ion
ion move tys
iri move lvp
kie support ber
lvn support bot move bal
nth move nwy
por move spa/sc
pru support war move sil
rom move tys
ruh move mun
ser move tri
smy move aeg
spa/sc move mar
swe move den
tri move ven
tun move wes
tyr move vie
ven move pie
war move sil
wes move gol
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army/dislodged swe
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
swe move fin
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr hold
aeg hold
apu support ion move nap
bal support fin move swe
ber move pru
bre hold
bur support mar
den support swe
gal move rum
gre move ion
ion move nap
kie move ruh
lvn move bot
lvp hold
gol support pie move mar
mid support spa/sc
mar hold
mun support ber
nap move apu
nth move nwy
nrg support nth move nwy
nwy support fin move swe
pie move mar
pru move ber
rom hold
sil support pru move ber
spa/sc hold
swe move bal
tri move tyr
ven move rom
vie move bud
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: army/dislodged ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army/dislodged nwy
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber disband
nwy move stp/sc
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove fin
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr convoy ven move alb
aeg move bul/sc
apu move nap
bal support bot move swe
ber support sil move mun
bot move swe
bre hold
bur support ruh move mun
den support swe move bal
ion move gre
kie support mun move ber
lon move wal
lvp hold
gol support wes move spa
mid support spa/sc
mar hold
mun move ber
nap move tys
nrg move bar
nwy support swe
pie move mar
rom move tys
ruh move mun
rum move bud
sil move mun
spa/sc hold
swe move bal
tyr move tri
ven move alb via convoy
war move ukr
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
Russia: fleet/dislodged bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Russia: army/dislodged ber
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move bot
ber move pru
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr hold
alb move ser
apu move rom
bal move swe
bar move stp/nc
ber hold
bot move swe
bud move rum
bul/sc hold
bur support mar
den support bal move swe
gre move ion
kie move ruh
gol move spa/sc
mid support spa/sc
mar hold
mun support ber
nap support apu move rom
nwy support bar move stp
pie support tri move tyr
pru support sil move ber
rom move nap
rum hold
sil move ber
spa/sc hold
stp support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tri move tyr
ukr move sev
wal move lvp
wes support gol move spa
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Italy: fleet/dislodged rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
rom disband
swe move fin
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bot
build Army con
build Army kie
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
bar move stp/nc
ber move pru
bre move eng
bud hold
bul/sc move aeg
bur support ruh move mun
con move bul
den move bal
fin move stp/sc
ion move tun
kie support ber
lvp hold
gol support wes move spa
mid support spa/sc
mar hold
mun move boh
nap move tys
nwy support bar move stp
pie move tyr
pru move ber
rom move tus
ruh move mun
rum move gal
ser support con move bul
sev move ukr
sil support pru move ber
spa/sc hold
stp move nwy
swe move fin
tyr move boh
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army/dislodged stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
stp move mos
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move con
bal support kie move ber
ber hold
bud move vie
bul support ukr move rum
bur move par
eng move mid
fin move bot
gal move rum
ion move tun
kie move ber
gol support wes move spa
mid move naf
mar move gol
mos move war
mun support kie move ber
nwy support stp/nc
pie move mar
ruh move bel
ser move tri
sil support ber
spa/sc move wes
stp/nc hold
swe move fin
tun move naf
tus move ven
tyr move vie
tys move wes
ukr move rum
wal move lon
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Russia: army/dislodged ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: fleet fin
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move pru
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: fleet fin
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Army kie
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: fleet fin
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support ber move pru
bel hold
ber move pru
bot move bal
bud hold
bul move rum
con move bla
edi move lvp
eng move mid
fin move swe
gal move sil
ion move tun
kie move ber
lon move wal
gol support pie move mar
mid move naf
mar move gol
mun support kie move ber
nwy move nth
par move gas
pie move mar
pru move ber
rum move ukr
sil support pru move ber
spa/sc move gol
stp/nc hold
tri hold
tun move naf
tyr move mun
tys support gol
ven move pie
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal convoy kie move lvn
ber support mun
bot move bal
bud move vie
edi support wal move lvp
eng move mid
gal move vie
gas move bre
ion move tun
kie move lvn via convoy
gol move spa/sc
mid move naf
mar move spa/sc
mun support ber
nth move lon
pie move mar
pru move ber
rum move gal
sil support tyr move mun
spa/sc move wes
tri move vie
tun move naf
tyr move mun
tys support wes
ukr support rum move gal
ven move tyr
wal move lvp
war support rum move gal
wes support tun move naf
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Germany: army/dislodged gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
France: fleet/dislodged lvp
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
gal move boh
lvp move iri
mun move kie
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
remove eng
remove iri
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support ber move pru
bel move bur
ber move pru
boh move mun
bot move bal
bre move par
bud move vie
con move bul
edi move lvp
gal support tyr move boh
ion move tys
kie support boh move mun
lon move eng
lvn support ber move pru
lvp move iri
gol move mar
mid move naf
mar move gol
mun support pru move ber
pie support gol move mar
pru move ber
sil support pru move ber
spa/sc move gol
tri support bud move vie
tun support wes move naf
tys move wes
ukr move mos
war support ukr move mos
wes move naf
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Turkey: fleet mar
England: fleet/dislodged mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Turkey: army/dislodged mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
mar move spa/sc
mun move ruh
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Turkey: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support ber
ber support mun
bot move bal
bul move ser
bur support mun
gal support vie move boh
iri convoy lvp move gas
kie move hol
lvn move mos
gol move mar
mid convoy lvp move gas
mar move spa/sc
mos move lvn
naf move mid
par move pic
pie move mar
pru support sil move ber
ruh move hol
sil move ber
spa/sc move wes
swe move bot
tri move ven
tun move naf
tyr move mun
tys move gol
vie move boh
war support mos move lvn
wes support mar move spa
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Turkey: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
spa/sc move por
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Turkey: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army mos
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Turkey: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move ber
ber support tyr move mun
bla move con
boh support tyr move mun
bot move bal
bur support mun
eng convoy lvp move bre
gal support war move sil
iri convoy lvp move bre
kie support bal move ber
lvn move stp
lvp move bre via convoy
gol move mar
mid move spa/sc
mos support lvn move stp
mun move boh
naf support spa/sc move mid
pic move bel
pie move mar
por support mid move spa
pru support ber
ruh move kie
ser move tri
spa/sc move mid
swe move bot
tun move wes
tyr move mun
tys support wes move gol
ven move tyr
war move sil
wes move gol
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet/dislodged gol
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet/dislodged stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
gol move tus
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move kie
bot move bal
bre move gas
con move aeg
eng move nth
gal move sil
iri support mid
gol support pie move mar
mid support por move spa
mos move stp
mun support ber move kie
naf move mid
pie move mar
por move spa/sc
ruh support ber move kie
sil move ber
spa/sc move por
stp move nwy
tri move ven
tus move tys
tyr move pie
tys move rom
wes support naf move mid
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Germany: army/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
