PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move rum
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move apu
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
ven hold
vie support tri
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
apu move ven
bot move swe
bul hold
con hold
den move swe
edi move nwy
ion move tun
kie move hol
mid move spa/sc
nth convoy edi move nwy
nrg support edi move nwy
pic hold
ruh move bel
rum support vie move bud
sev move rum
spa move por
stp move nwy
ukr support sev move rum
ven move tyr
vie move bud
PHASE 1901 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
rum move ser
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet ber
build Fleet bre
build Army edi
build Fleet kie
build Fleet mar
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Fleet sev
build Fleet smy
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move bal
bla move ank
bot move swe
bre move eng
bud move rum
bul move gre
con move bul
den support ber move bal
edi move nwy
hol move ruh
kie move hol
mar move gol
mun move ber
nap move ion
nth convoy edi move nwy
nrg support edi move nwy
nwy move fin
por move spa
rum support sev move bla
ser support bud move rum
sev move bla
spa/sc move mid
stp hold
tri move adr
tun move tys
ukr support rum
vie move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move alb
ank move con
bal support swe
bla support rum move bul/ec
bul hold
con move smy
den support hol move nth
eng support hol move nth
fin move stp
gal move war
gre hold
hol move nth
ion move gre
gol hold
mid move iri
nrg support nth
nwy support fin move stp
pic hold
ruh move kie
rum move bul/ec
ser support ion move gre
spa move mar
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tyr move vie
ukr move rum
ven move tri
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
England: army/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nth move lon
nwy move fin
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
build Army ven
remove war
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
alb support ser move tri
bal convoy kie move lvn
bel move yor
ber move pru
bla support bul/ec
bud support ser move tri
bul/ec support rum
den support nth
eng convoy pic move wal
fin support stp move nwy
gre move alb
iri move lvp
kie move lvn
lon move eng
mos move stp
nap move ion
nth convoy bel move yor
nrg move edi
nwy move fin
pic move wal
rom move ven
rum support bul/ec
ser move tri
stp move nwy
swe support nwy move fin
tri move bud
tys hold
ven move tri
vie support tri move bud
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army wal
Austria: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
bud move gal
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army wal
Austria: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
alb support ser move tri
bal move swe
bla support bul/ec move con
bud support ven move tri
bul/ec move con
den support bal move swe
edi move yor
eng support wal move lon
fin support swe move nwy
gal move bud
gre hold
ion support gre
lon support edi move yor
lvn support pru move war
mar hold
nth support yor move edi
nwy hold
pru move war
rom move ven
rum move ukr
ser move tri
stp support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
ven move tri
vie support bud
wal move lon
yor move edi
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: fleet/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
England: fleet/dislodged edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
England: fleet/dislodged lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
edi move nrg
lon move yor
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
remove alb
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Fleet kie
build Army mos
build Army mun
remove nrg
build Army par
remove yor
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ber move pru
bla move ank
bre move mid
bud support ven move tri
con move aeg
den move swe
edi move bel
fin move stp
gal move bud
gre move bul/sc
ion convoy rom move gre
kie move bal
lon move wal
lvn support war
lvp move iri
mar support par move bur
mos support stp move lvn
mun hold
nth convoy edi move bel
nwy move ska
par move bur
rom move gre
stp move lvn
swe move bot
tri move vie
tys convoy rom move gre
ukr move war
ven move tri
vie support ven move tri
war support lvn
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
tri move ser
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
ank hold
bal move den
bel move ruh
bot move swe
bud support vie move gal
bul/sc support gre
bur move bel
eng support bur move bel
gal move rum
gre support tri move ser
ion move aeg
iri move nat
lvn move war
gol hold
mid move iri
mar move bur
mos support lvn move war
mun move ruh
nth support swe move nwy
pru support war
ser move bul
ska move den
stp hold
swe move nwy
tri move ser
ukr support lvn move war
vie move gal
wal move lon
war support gal move ukr
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
Germany: army/dislodged bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Germany: army/dislodged war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bel move hol
ser move alb
war move sil
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army mar
build Fleet nap
remove ska
build Army ven
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move tri
ank support con
bal move den
bel support bur move ruh
bud move rum
bur move ruh
con hold
eng support bel
gal support bud move rum
gre support ser
hol support mun move ruh
iri move nat
lon move yor
mar move bur
mos move sev
mun move ruh
nat move cly
nap move ion
nth support nwy move nrg
nwy move nrg
pru move ber
rum move sev
ser support ven move tri
sil move mun
stp move mos
swe move ska
ukr support mos move sev
ven move tri
war support stp move mos
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb move ser
ank support con
ber move kie
bul/sc move aeg
bur support bel
cly support nat move nrg
con hold
den move nth
eng move lon
gal support rum
gre move bul
hol support mun move ruh
ion move eas
mos support ukr
mun move ruh
nat move nrg
nth move lon
nrg move edi
rum support gal
ser support rum
sev move rum
sil move mun
ska support den move nth
tri support ser
ukr support war move gal
war move gal
yor move edi
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: army/dislodged gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet/dislodged nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
gal move bud
nrg move nwy
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
remove alb
build Fleet nap
build Army ven
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move smy
ank support con
bud support rum
bul support rum
bur support bel
cly move edi
con hold
den move nth
eas support aeg move smy
eng support bel
gal support ukr move rum
gre move aeg
hol support nth move bel
kie support ruh
mar support bur
mos move ukr
mun move bur
nap move ion
nth move bel
nrg support cly move edi
nwy support den move nth
ruh support nth move bel
ser support rum
sev support ukr move rum
ska support den move nth
tri move vie
tys hold
ukr move rum
ven move rom
yor move lon
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army/dislodged bel
Germany: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army/dislodged smy
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move pic
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support smy move con
ank support con
bel support nth move eng
bud support rum
bul support smy move con
con hold
eas convoy rom move smy
edi support nrg move nth
eng support nrg move nth
gal move boh
hol support bel
ion convoy rom move smy
kie move ber
lon move yor
mar support bur
mos move war
mun move bur
nth move eng
nrg move nth
nwy move stp/nc
pic support bur
rom move smy
ruh support bel
ser support rum
sev move rum
ska move nwy
smy move con
ukr support sev move rum
vie move gal
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Russia: fleet/dislodged con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
France: fleet/dislodged eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
con move bla
eng move lon
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
remove ank
remove bla
build Fleet kie
build Army ven
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move con
bel hold
ber support mun
boh support war move gal
bud move vie
bul support rum
bur hold
con move bla
eas move smy
edi support nth
eng move mid
gal move ukr
hol support bel
ion move tun
kie move den
lon support nth
gol move spa/sc
mar support bur
nth convoy yor move den
nwy move ska
pic move bre
rom move tus
ruh support bel
rum support gal move ukr
ser move tri
sev move rum
stp/nc move nwy
tys hold
ukr support war move gal
ven move tyr
war move gal
yor move den
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army/dislodged gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
gal move bud
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
bel support ska move nth
ber move mun
bla move sev
boh move vie
bud support rum
bul support rum
bur move par
con move ank
edi support nth
gal support ukr move rum
hol support bel
kie move den
lon move eng
mid move spa/nc
mar move spa
mun move bur
nth support lon move eng
nwy support ska move nth
ruh support mun move bur
rum support bla move sev
sev support ukr move rum
ska move nth
spa/sc move por
tri support vie
tun move wes
tus move pie
tyr move boh
tys move gol
ukr move rum
vie support tyr move boh
yor move lon
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Russia: army/dislodged boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: fleet/dislodged nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
boh move sil
nth move nrg
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet nap
build Fleet rom
remove sil
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move arm
bel support nth
bla move sev
boh support vie move gal
bre move gas
bud support rum
bul support rum
bur support mar
den support nth
edi move cly
eng convoy lon move bre
gal move war
hol support bel
lon move bre
gol support pie move mar
mid support por move spa/sc
mar support por move spa/sc
mun hold
nap move ion
nth hold
nrg move nat
pie move mar
por move spa/sc
rom move tys
ruh support bur
rum support bla move sev
sev hold
smy move aeg
tri move vie
ukr support sev
vie move gal
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
Italy: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: fleet cly
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
arm support bul move sev
bel move nth
bla convoy bul move sev
boh move sil
bre hold
bud support rum
bul move sev
bur support pie move mar
cly move nat
den support bel move nth
eng move iri
gal move ukr
gas support mar
hol move bel
ion move tun
gol support pie move mar
mid move por
mar support spa/sc
mun move sil
nat move mid
nth move lon
nwy move nrg
pie move mar
ruh move mun
rum support gal move ukr
sev hold
spa/sc support mar
tys move wes
ukr move gal
vie move gal
war support ukr move gal
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: fleet arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Italy: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
sev move mos
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: fleet arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Italy: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: fleet por
Germany: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove bre
build Army kie
remove nat
build Army rom
remove ukr
build Army ven
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: fleet arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Italy: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: fleet por
Germany: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move ank
bel support bur move pic
ber move pru
boh move sil
bud move rum
bur move pic
den move nth
gal support rum move ukr
gas support par
ion hold
iri support mid move eng
kie move hol
lon move wal
gol support rom move spa
mid move eng
mar support rom move spa
mos move stp
mun support ruh move bur
nth move nwy
nrg move bar
par support gas
por support rom move spa
rom move spa
ruh move bur
rum move ukr
sev support rum move ukr
spa/sc move mid
tun support wes
tys convoy rom move spa
ven move tyr
vie move boh
war move mos
wes convoy rom move spa
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
Germany: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Germany: fleet por
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bar move stp/nc
bel move pic
bur support pic move par
eng move lon
gal support sil move war
gas move bre
hol move edi
iri move wal
mid move por
mar support spa
mos support stp
mun support bur
nth convoy hol move edi
nwy support bar move stp/nc
par move bre
pic move par
por move mid
pru move war
sev move mos
sil move war
stp hold
tun move naf
ukr support sev move mos
wal move lon
wes move mid
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Germany: fleet por
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army/dislodged stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Italy: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
mos move lvn
stp disband
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Germany: fleet por
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
