PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move ven
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move pie
vie move gal
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move bla
bot move swe
bul move gre
con move bul
gal move rum
ion move tun
kie support ruh move hol
mid move por
nth support nrg move nwy
nrg move nwy
pic move bel
pie hold
ruh move hol
ser support gal move rum
sev move rum
spa move mar
stp move fin
ukr support sev move rum
ven move tyr
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
build Fleet bre
build Fleet lon
build Army mun
build Army par
build Fleet rom
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
bel support par move bur
ber move bal
bla move sev
bre move mid
bul move gre
con move bul
den move ska
edi move yor
fin move swe
gal move bud
kie move den
lon move eng
mar hold
nth support lon move eng
par move bur
pie support tyr
por move spa/sc
rom move tys
ser support alb move gre
sev support gal move rum
swe move bal
tun move wes
tyr support pie
ukr support war move gal
vie hold
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
bel move bur
ber move bal
bud move tri
bur move gas
den support ska move swe
eng move bre
fin move stp
gal move rum
gre support ser move bul
hol support bel
mid move wes
mar move pie
mun hold
nth convoy yor move bel
nwy support ska move swe
ser move bul
sev support gal move rum
ska move swe
spa/sc support mid move wes
swe support yor move den
tys move gol
ukr support gal move rum
vie move boh
wes move naf
yor move bel via convoy
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
swe disband
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove gas
build Fleet kie
build Army lon
build Fleet lvp
build Army smy
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move swe
bel move pic
bla support con move bul
boh support vie move tyr
bre move mid
bud move tri
bur move bel
con move bul
den move kie
gre support bul
hol support bur move bel
kie move hel
lon move bel via convoy
lvp move iri
gol move tys
mar hold
naf move tun
nth convoy lon move bel
nwy hold
pie support tyr move ven
sev support rum
smy move arm
spa/sc support wes move gol
stp move lvn
swe move ska
tri move ven
tyr move ven
ukr support rum
vie move tyr
war move pru
wes move gol
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bel support hol
bla support arm move sev
boh support tyr move mun
bud move vie
bul move ser
con move bul
gre move aeg
hel move den
hol move ruh
iri move eng
kie move ber
lon move bel via convoy
lvn move stp
gol move spa/sc
mid move por
mar hold
nth convoy lon move bel
nwy support nth
pic move par
pie support ven
pru move ber
rum support sev
sev support rum
ska move nwy
spa/sc move por
swe support ska move nwy
tri move ser
tun move ion
tyr move mun
tys move gol
ukr move war
ven support pie
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mun move sil
nwy move nrg
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove lon
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
arm move smy
bel move pic
bla support con move bul
boh support mun
bud move gal
bul move gre
con move bul
den move bal
eng support nth move bel
kie support sil move mun
gol support mar move pie
mid move spa/sc
mar move pie
mun support vie move tyr
nth move bel
nrg move nth
nwy move swe
par move gas
pru support war move sil
ruh support sil move mun
rum support sev
sev support rum
sil move mun
spa/sc move por
stp hold
swe move bot
tri support vie move tyr
vie move tyr
war move sil
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: army/dislodged bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Austria: army/dislodged mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
Italy: army/dislodged pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bul move ser
mun move ber
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bal support mun move ber
bel hold
ber move mun
bla move rum
boh support ber move mun
bot move stp/sc
bul move con
eng move bre
gal move rum
gas move par
ion move gre
kie support mun move ber
gol support por move spa
mun move ber
nth support bel
pic move par
pie move mar
por move spa/sc
pru move ber
ruh move mun
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sev move bla
sil support ber move mun
smy move con
spa/sc move por
stp support nth move nwy
swe move fin
tri move ven
tyr support ber move mun
tys move tus
ven hold
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mun move bur
spa/sc move wes
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bal
remove gal
build Army lon
build Army mos
remove pic
build Army rom
build Army war
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet fin
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move con
bel move eng
ber support mun
bla move con
boh support mun
bot move bal
bre move mid
bul support aeg move con
bur support gas move mar
fin move stp/sc
gas move mar
ion move tun
kie hold
lon move bel via convoy
gol move spa/sc
mar support gol move spa
mos support stp
mun hold
nth convoy lon move bel
rom support ven
ruh support kie
ser move gre
sev move bla
sil move pru
smy move con
spa/sc move mid
tri move ven
tus move tys
tyr support tri move ven
ven hold
war move lvn
wes move gol
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: fleet fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: army mar
France: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
mar move pie
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: fleet fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move ber
bel move pic
ber support mun
boh support mun
bre move mid
bul move rum
bur move mun
con hold
eng support bre move mid
fin move stp/sc
gre move ser
kie support bur move mun
lvn move stp
gol support spa/sc
mar move spa
mos move stp
pie support ven move tyr
pru support ber
rom support ven
ruh support bur move mun
sev move rum
spa/sc support tys move wes
stp move nwy
tri move vie
tun support tys move ion
tyr support mun
tys move ion
ven hold
wes support mar move spa
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: fleet fin
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove fin
build Fleet lon
remove pie
build Fleet stp/nc
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move swe
ber support mun
bla move con
boh support mun
bul move gre
bur support mar
con hold
eng move mid
kie hold
lon move nth
lvn move stp
gol support spa/sc move mar
mid move spa/sc
mar support mid move spa
mos move sev
mun support vie move tyr
nth move nrg
pic move bel
pru support ber
ruh support kie
ser move gre
sev move rum
smy support bla move con
spa/sc move mar
stp/nc move bar
tri move adr
tyr move pie
vie move tyr
wes support mid move spa
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Austria: fleet/dislodged con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
France: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
con move ank
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ven
ank move con
bar support nwy
bel move nwy via convoy
ber support mun
boh support mun
bul support ank move con
bur move mun
con support smy move ank
ion move alb
kie hold
gol move mar
mid move por
mar move pie
mun hold
nth convoy bel move nwy
nrg support bel move nwy
pie support adr move ven
pru move sil
rom support ven
ruh support kie
rum move bla
ser move tri
sev move arm
smy move ank
spa/sc support wes move gol
stp support nwy
swe support bel move nwy
tun move ion
tyr support adr move ven
ven move tri
wes move gol
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Turkey: fleet/dislodged con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
France: fleet/dislodged gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Austria: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
con move smy
gol move tys
ven disband
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
build Fleet lon
build Fleet tri
remove tys
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move con
arm move ank
bar support nwy
bel hold
ber support mun move kie
bla support arm move ank
boh move mun
bul support con
bur move mun
con hold
edi move nth
ion support alb move gre
kie hold
lon move eng
gol move tus
mar move pie
mun move kie
nth move ska
nrg move nwy
pie move ven
por move spa/sc
rom support gol move tus
ruh support kie
ser move gre
sil support boh move mun
smy support ank move con
spa/sc move gol
stp move fin
swe move nwy
tri move alb
tyr support boh move mun
ven move adr
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven
alb support ser move gre
ank support con move smy
bar support swe move nwy
bel move nwy via convoy
ber move kie
bla move con
boh support mun
bul support ser move gre
bur move mun
con move smy
eng move mid
fin support swe move nwy
kie hold
gol move tys
mun support ber move kie
nth convoy bel move nwy
nrg support bel move nwy
nwy move stp
pie hold
rom support pie move ven
ruh support kie
ser move gre
sil support mun
ska support swe
spa/sc move wes
tus support pie
tyr support mun
ven support tyr
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Italy: fleet/dislodged gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: fleet smy
Turkey: fleet/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
gre move aeg
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Fleet sev
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support alb move ion
aeg hold
alb move ion
ank move arm
bar support fin move stp
ber support mun
boh support mun
bul support gre
bur move mun
con move aeg
edi move bel via convoy
fin move stp
gre hold
ion move apu
kie hold
mid move wes
mun hold
nth convoy edi move bel
nrg support nwy
nwy hold
pie hold
rom support ion move apu
ruh support kie
sev move bla
sil support mun
ska move den
smy support con move aeg
stp move lvn
swe support nwy
tus support pie
tyr support ven
tys move ion
ven hold
wes move tun
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet/dislodged aeg
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move eas
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ven
aeg support smy move eas
apu support tun move ion
arm move syr
bar move nwy
ber move kie
bla move con
boh support mun
bul move rum
bur move mun
den move bal
eas support tun move ion
gre move bul
ion move nap
kie hold
lvn move pru
mun support ber move kie
nth move nwy
nrg support nth move nwy
nwy move fin
pie hold
rom move nap
ruh support kie
sil support mun
smy move eas
stp support bar move nwy
swe support nwy move fin
tun move ion
tus support pie
tyr support ven
tys support tun move ion
ven hold
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Austria: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ion move gre
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet nap
remove syr
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support aeg move ion
aeg move ion
apu support pie move ven
bal move bot
bar move stp/nc
bel move nwy via convoy
boh support mun
bul move ser
bur move mun
con move aeg
eas support aeg move ion
fin support bel move nwy
gre support aeg move ion
ion move nap
kie hold
nap support ion
nth convoy bel move nwy
nrg support bel move nwy
pie move ven
pru support ber
rom support pie move ven
ruh support kie
rum move ukr
sil support mun
stp move lvn
swe move bal
tri support ven
tus hold
tyr support ven
tys support ion move nap
ven hold
wes move tun
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move alb
aeg support ion
bal support kie
ber move sil
boh move gal
bot support nwy move stp
bur move mun
eas move smy
fin support nwy move stp
gre move bul/sc
kie support bur move mun
lvn support pru
mun move sil
nap support tys move ion
nth hold
nrg move bar
nwy move stp
pie move ven
pru support lvn
ruh support bur move mun
ser move rum
sil move war
stp/nc move nwy
tri move adr
tun support tys move ion
tus hold
tyr move boh
tys move ion
ukr move mos
ven move tri
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Russia: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Austria: army/dislodged mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
England: fleet tus
England: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ion move gre
mun move tyr
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
England: army ven
England: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove boh
build Army edi
build Fleet lon
build Army lvp
remove tyr
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: fleet tus
England: army ven
England: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move con
alb move gre
bal support stp move lvn
bar support fin move stp
ber move sil
bot support stp move lvn
bul/sc support alb move gre
edi move bel via convoy
fin move stp
gal move ukr
gre move aeg
ion hold
kie move ber
lon move eng
lvn move mos
lvp move yor
mos move sev
mun move boh
nap support ion
nth convoy edi move bel
pru move war
rom support ven
ruh move mun
rum move sev
smy move aeg
stp move lvn
tri move bud
tun support ion
tus move tys
ven hold
war move ukr
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: fleet tys
England: army ven
England: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bal support ber
bar move nwy
bel move hol
boh move vie
bot move swe
bud move gal
bul/sc move con
eng move mid
gal move ukr
gre hold
ion hold
lvn move mos
mos move sev
mun move tyr
nap support ion
nth move eng
pru support sil move war
rum move sev
sil move war
smy support bul/sc move con
stp support lvn move mos
tun move tys
tys move wes
ven move tri
war move ukr
yor move lon
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Russia: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Russia: fleet/dislodged con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
England: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
England: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
con move ank
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
England: army tri
England: supply tri
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
England: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
