PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move eng
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move edi
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun move tyr
nap move ion
par move gas
rom move apu
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move fin
tri move alb
ven hold
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move con
apu support ven
bre move eng
bul move gre
con move bul
den hold
edi move yor
fin move swe
gal move bud
gas move spa
ion move tun
kie move hol
lon move eng
nth move bel
ser support alb move gre
sev move rum
spa move por
stp move nwy
tyr move vie
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lvp
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army sev
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/sc
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move bla
apu move ven
bel move nth
ber move kie
bre move eng
bud move gal
bul move rum
con move bul
den move nth
gre move alb
hol hold
kie move hel
lon move eng
lvp move iri
mar move gol
mos move ukr
mun move tyr
nap move tys
nwy move fin
par move pic
por move spa
rum move bla
ser support bul move rum
sev move rum
smy move aeg
spa move mar
stp/sc move lvn
swe move nwy
tri support ser
tun move wes
ven move pie
vie hold
war support bud move gal
yor hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb support tri
ank move bla
bel support lon move eng
bre move eng
bul support rum
den move ska
fin move swe
gal move rum
hel move nth
hol move bel
iri move mid
kie move den
lon move eng
lvn move bot
gol convoy spa move tus
mar hold
nwy move nrg
pic support hol move bel
pie move tus
rum hold
ser move bud
sev support gal move rum
spa move tus via convoy
tri support ser move bud
tyr move ven
tys move gol
ukr support gal move rum
ven move tus
vie hold
war move gal
wes support tys move gol
yor hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Turkey: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
rum move ser
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove alb
build Army ank
build Army con
build Army mun
build Army par
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move arm
bla convoy con move rum
bot support swe
bre move eng
bul support con move rum
con move rum via convoy
den hold
gal support rum
gre move ion
lon move eng
gol support pie move mar
mid move por
mar move spa
mun move tyr
nth move edi
nrg move nwy
par move gas
pic move bur
pie move mar
rum support gal
ser support con move rum
sev support rum
ska move nth
spa move por
swe support nrg move nwy
tyr move tri
ukr support rum
ven move tyr
vie support tyr move tri
wes move spa/sc
yor move edi
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
arm move sev
bla support bul move rum
bot move bal
bre move eng
bul move rum
bur support gas move mar
con move bul
den move edi via convoy
gal support rum
gas move mar
ion move nap
lon move eng
gol support mar
mid move por
mar support wes move spa
mun move tyr
nth convoy den move edi
nwy support swe
rum support gal
ser support bul move rum
sev support rum
ska hold
spa move por
swe support nwy
tri hold
ukr support sev
ven hold
vie support tri
wes move spa/sc
yor move edi
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army con
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
arm move sev
bal move den
bel hold
ber hold
bla support arm move sev
bre move mid
bul move ser
bur move mar
con move bul
den hold
gal move rum
gas support bur move mar
lon support mid move eng
gol support wes move tys
mid move eng
nap move rom
nth move nrg
nwy support swe
rum move ukr
ser move bud
sev support gal move rum
ska move nth
smy move aeg
spa move por
swe support nwy
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
ukr support sev
ven move rom
vie hold
wes move tys
yor move edi
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
Italy: army/dislodged mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mar move spa
sev move mos
ven move apu
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
apu move nap
bal convoy swe move lvn
bel hold
ber hold
bla support sev
bul support rum
con hold
den move edi via convoy
edi hold
eng support lon move nth
gal move bud
lon move nth
gol support spa move mar
mos support ukr move sev
nap move rom
nth convoy den move edi
nrg support den move edi
nwy move ska
rum support ser move bud
ser move bud
sev hold
spa move mar
swe move lvn via convoy
tri support ven
tys support apu move nap
ukr move sev
ven hold
vie support gal move bud
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: army/dislodged mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet/dislodged nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nth move hel
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army kie
remove mar
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move pic
ber move sil
bla move sev
bre move mid
bul move ser
con move bul
edi hold
gas move mar
hel move nth
ion move nap
kie move hol
gol move tus
mid move wes
nap move rom
nth support eng
nrg support hel move nth
por move spa
rom support ion move nap
rum support bul move ser
ser move alb
sev move ukr
smy move aeg
tri support vie move bud
tys support nap move rom
ven move pie
vie move bud
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
nth move bel
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move tri
bel hold
bla support sev
bud hold
bul support rum
den hold
edi hold
eng support bel
gal support ukr move rum
hol hold
lvn move war
mid move iri
mar hold
mos move sev
nap move rom
nth move lon
nrg move nwy
pic move par
pie move mar
rom move ven
rum hold
ser support alb move tri
sev hold
sil move war
ska move swe
spa support mar
tri hold
tus move rom
tys move tun
ukr move rum
wes move gol
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Germany: army/dislodged tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
tri move vie
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army con
build Army mun
build Fleet smy
remove tun
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
bel move hol
bla support sev
bud support vie move tri
bul move rum
con move bul
den hold
edi move lvp
eng support bel move nth
gal move ukr
hol move bel
ion move tun
lon move nth
lvn move war
mos move stp
mun move tyr
nap move rom
nwy move swe
par move pic
rum move bud
ser support rum move bud
sev support bul move rum
sil move war
smy move aeg
tri support rum move bud
tus move rom
ukr move mos
ven support tus move rom
vie move tri
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Germany: army/dislodged bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bud move gal
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
arm support sev
bla move con
bud move vie
bul move rum
den hold
eng support bel
gal move war
hol move bel
iri move eng
lvn support ukr move war
gol convoy mar move tus
mar move tus via convoy
mos move sev
nap hold
nth move edi
pic support hol move bel
pie move ven
rom move tys
rum move bud
ser support rum move bud
sev hold
sil support gal move war
spa move mar
stp move nwy
swe hold
tri support bud move vie
tun hold
tyr support pie move ven
ukr move war
ven move rom
vie move tri
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
England: fleet/dislodged bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Germany: army/dislodged vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move nth
vie move boh
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove eng
build Army mun
remove nth
remove rom
build Army smy
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
arm move sev
bel move pic
boh move vie
bud support vie
con move aeg
den hold
edi hold
gal support boh move vie
ion move adr
iri move lvp
lvn move war
gol support mar move pie
mar move pie
mos support ukr move sev
mun move boh
nap support tun move tys
nwy move swe
pic move bre
rum support sev move ukr
ser support bud
sev move ukr
sil move war
smy move con
swe move ska
tri support vie
tun move tys
tus move rom
tyr support boh move vie
tys move wes
ukr move sev
ven move rom
vie support tri
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg move ion
ank move con
arm move sev
boh support tyr move vie
bre move gas
bud support vie
con move bul
den move nwy via convoy
edi hold
gal support tyr move vie
iri move eng
gol move spa/sc
mun move tyr
nap move rom
pic move bre
pie move ven
rum support sev move ukr
ser support tri
sev move ukr
sil move war
ska convoy den move nwy
tri support adr move ven
tus support pie move ven
tyr move vie
tys move tun
ven move tri
vie support bud
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
build Army kie
remove gol
build Army mun
build Army smy
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
ber move bal
boh support vie
bre move gas
bud support tri
bul move rum
con move bul
edi hold
eng move lon
gal support war
gas move spa
ion move tys
kie move ber
mun move bur
nwy move swe
pie support tus move ven
rom support ion move tys
rum move gal
ser support bud
sev move mos
ska support nwy move swe
smy move con
tri support adr move ven
tun move wes
tus move ven
tyr support ven
ukr support rum move gal
ven hold
vie hold
war hold
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Germany: army/dislodged gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Russia: army/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
gal move sil
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ven
bal move lvn
ber move pru
boh support vie
bud move vie
bul move rum
bur support gas move mar
con move bul
edi hold
gal support bud move vie
gas move mar
lon hold
pie support tus move ven
rom move tus
rum move bud
ser support tri
sev move mos
sil support war
ska move nth
spa hold
swe hold
tri support bud move vie
tus move ven
tyr support ven
tys move gol
ukr support sev move mos
ven hold
vie hold
war hold
wes move mid
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet kie
build Army mun
build Fleet smy
remove tus
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
ank move arm
bal move bot
boh move vie
bud move vie
bul move rum
bur move gas
gal move boh
kie move hel
lon move nth
lvn support mos move stp
gol move mar
mid move bre
mar support ven move pie
mos move stp
nth hold
pie move tus
pru support war
rom hold
rum move ukr
ser move bud
sil support war
smy move aeg
spa hold
swe move fin
tri support adr move ven
tyr support boh move vie
ukr move mos
vie move tyr
war hold
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
Turkey: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Germany: army/dislodged ven
Turkey: fleet ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Turkey: army/dislodged vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ven move pie
vie move gal
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
Turkey: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
arm move sev
boh move vie
bot support fin move stp
bre hold
bud support boh move vie
fin move stp
gal support boh move vie
gas move spa
hel move hol
lon move eng
gol move pie
mar hold
mos support stp
mun move tyr
nth move lon
pie move ven
pru move war
rom hold
rum move ukr
ser support tri
sil move boh
spa move por
stp support mos
tri support ven
tus move rom
tyr move tri
ukr move war
ven support tri
vie move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
Turkey: fleet bre
Turkey: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
