PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mun move bur
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move ven
smy move con
tri move alb
ven move tyr
vie move tri
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
bla move rum
bul move gre
con move bul
hol move bel
ion move tun
kie move hol
mid move por
mos move stp
nth support yor move den
nrg move nwy
ser support alb move gre
spa hold
stp/sc move bot
tri move vie
tyr move mun
ven move pie
war move gal
yor move den via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army ber
build Army bre
build Army bud
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
build Fleet rom
build Fleet smy
build Army tri
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move con
bel move nth
ber move kie
bot move swe
bre hold
bud support vie move gal
bul move rum
con move bul
gal move war
gre support ser move bul
hol move bel
kie move den
lon move eng
mar move gol
nth move den
nwy move nth
par move gas
pie hold
por move spa/sc
rom move tys
rum move bla
ser move bul
smy move aeg
spa move mar
stp move mos
tri move vie
tun move wes
tyr move ven
vie move gal
yor move lon
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank move smy
bla move con
bre move pic
bud move rum
bul support bud move rum
con move rum
eng move bel
gal support bud move rum
gas move spa
gre support bul
kie move hel
lon move den via convoy
gol move tus
mar hold
mos support sev
nth support lon move den
nwy move ska
rum support con move bul
sev support rum
spa/sc move gol
tys support wes move gol
ven move tyr
vie move boh
war move gal
wes move gol
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove smy
build Army stp
build Army tri
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move nth
ber move kie
bla support con move bul
boh move sil
bud support gal move rum
bul support gal move rum
con move bul
eng support pic move bel
gal move rum
gas move bur
gre move aeg
hel support bel move nth
hol move bel
ion move nap
lon move den via convoy
gol move tys
mar hold
mos support war
mun move tyr
nth convoy lon move den
pic move bel
pie hold
rum move bul
ska support lon move den
spa/sc support mar
stp move lvn
tri move vie
tus move rom
tyr move mun
tys move nap
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: army/dislodged bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Turkey: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bul move ser
nth move den
rum move ukr
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bel hold
bla support ukr move rum
bud support rum
bul hold
bur support bel
den hold
eng move nth
hel move nth
ion move nap
kie support mun
lvn move pru
gol move tys
mar hold
mos move sev
mun move tyr
nth move edi
pie move tus
rom hold
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev move arm
sil move ber
ska support den
spa/sc support mar
swe move bal
tyr move ven
tys move tun
ukr move rum
vie move boh
war support lvn move pru
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove hol
build Army tri
remove tus
remove tys
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
bel move hol
ber support boh move mun
bla support bul
boh move mun
bud support rum
bul hold
bur move ruh
den hold
edi move nrg
eng move nth
gre support ser move bul
hel support kie move den
kie move den
lon move yor
nap hold
rom move tys
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
ska support den
spa/sc move wes
tun move ion
ukr move mos
ven hold
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
ber support mun
bla support con move bul
bud move vie
con move bul
den move kie
gre support bul
hel support kie move den
hol hold
ion move nap
kie move den
mun support ber
nap hold
nth move nrg
nrg move nwy
ruh support den move kie
rum support bul
ska move nwy
tyr move vie
tys support wes move tun
ven hold
wes move tun
yor move edi
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bre
remove hel
remove ion
remove kie
build Army lon
build Army par
build Fleet smy
remove tyr
build Army vie
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber hold
bla move ank
bre move pic
bud move vie
con hold
den support hol move kie
edi move nwy via convoy
gre support bul
hol move kie
mar move pie
mos move stp
mun support ber
nap move ion
nth convoy edi move nwy
nrg move nwy
par move bur
ruh support hol move kie
rum support bul
ska move swe
smy move aeg
tri support vie move tyr
ven move rom
vie move tyr
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
ank support con
ber support mun move kie
bul support gre
bur move mun
con hold
den move bal
edi move nwy via convoy
gre support bul
ion support aeg move gre
kie hold
mun move kie
nth convoy edi move nwy
nrg move nwy
pic move bel
pie hold
rom hold
ruh support kie
rum support bul
stp move mos
tri move ven
tun move tys
tyr support tri move ven
tys move tus
vie move boh
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army lvp
build Fleet mar
remove nrg
build Army par
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
ank move bla
bel move hol
ber support mun
boh move sil
bud move gal
bul support gre
bur move mun
con move bul
edi move nwy via convoy
ion support aeg move gre
kie hold
mar support pie
mos move stp
mun support ber
nth convoy edi move nwy
par move gas
pie hold
rom move nap
ruh support kie
rum support bul
swe move bot
tri move adr
tus move rom
tyr support mun
tys support tus move rom
ven support tyr
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: fleet/dislodged gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gre move alb
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support alb move ion
alb move ion
ber support mun
bla support con move bul
bot support nwy move stp
bul move gre
bur support ruh move mun
con move bul
gal move war
gas move mar
gre hold
hol support kie
ion support gre
kie support ruh move mun
lon move nwy via convoy
lvp move edi
mar move gol
mun support ber
nap hold
nth convoy lon move nwy
nwy move stp
pie move tus
rom support tys move nap
ruh move mun
rum support bul
sil support gal move war
tyr support mun
tys move nap
ven support tyr
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: army/dislodged bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: army/dislodged nap
France: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Turkey: army/dislodged stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bul move ser
ion move eas
nap disband
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet bre
build Army con
build Fleet lon
build Army par
remove sil
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr move alb
ank move arm
ber support mun
bla support con move rum
bre move mid
bul move ser
bur move mun
con move rum via convoy
eas move ion
edi move nwy via convoy
gre support eas move ion
hol support kie
ion move aeg
kie support bur move mun
gol move wes
mar move pie
mun support ber
nap move apu
nth convoy edi move nwy
nwy move swe
par move gas
rom move nap
ruh support bur move mun
ser support rum
stp move mos
tus move rom
tyr support mun
war move ukr
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move con
alb move gre
apu support rom move ven
arm move smy
bal support kie move ber
ber support mun
bla support con move rum
bot convoy swe move lvn
bul support con move rum
bur move mun
con move rum via convoy
gas move bur
gre move aeg
hol move kie
ion support gre move aeg
kie move ber
mid move spa/sc
mun support ber
nwy move swe
pie support rom move ven
rom move ven
ruh support bur move mun
rum support ukr move sev
ser support alb move gre
swe move lvn
tyr support mun
ukr move sev
ven move pie
wes move tun
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet/dislodged aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Austria: army/dislodged ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: army ven
Austria: army/dislodged ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move eas
ber move sil
ven move tri
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
remove con
build Army edi
remove ion
build Fleet mar
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg hold
apu move adr
bal convoy swe move pru
ber support bur move mun
bla move sev
bul hold
bur move mun
eas move ion
edi move nwy via convoy
gas move bur
gre support rum move bul
kie support bur move mun
lvn move war
mar move gol
mos support lvn move war
nap move ion
nth convoy edi move nwy
pie support ven
ruh support bur move mun
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sil support mun
spa/sc move mid
swe move pru via convoy
tri support tyr
tun support nap move ion
tyr support mun
ven hold
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
Austria: army/dislodged mun
Austria: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bul move con
mun move boh
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven
aeg support con move bul
ber move sil
bla support con move bul
boh move gal
bur support mun
con move bul
eas move aeg
gre support bul
ion move alb
kie support mun
gol move tys
mun hold
nwy move swe
pie move tyr
pru move sil
ruh support mun
ser support bul
sil move war
smy hold
tun move ion
tyr support tri
ven support pie move tyr
war support pru move sil
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: army/dislodged sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Austria: army/dislodged tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
sil move boh
tyr move vie
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
remove boh
build Army edi
build Fleet mar
remove smy
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tyr move tri
aeg support con move bul
alb support tyr move tri
bal convoy swe move pru
bla support con move bul
bul support gre
bur move bel
con move bul
eas move aeg
edi move nwy via convoy
gal move ukr
gre support eas move aeg
ion move apu
mar move spa/sc
mun move tyr
nth convoy edi move nwy
ruh move mun
ser support gre
sil move war
swe move pru via convoy
tri move bud
tyr move tri
tys move ion
ven support tyr move tri
vie move boh
war move ukr
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet/dislodged aeg
France: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: army/dislodged bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
bul move rum
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
aeg support rum move bul
alb support ion move gre
apu move ion
bal move den
bla support bul
bot move bal
bud move vie
bul hold
gal move ukr
gre support rum move bul
ion move gre
kie move mun
lon move eng
mos support war move ukr
mun move boh
nwy move swe
rum move bul
ser move tri
sev move mos
smy hold
tri hold
tyr support mun move boh
ven support tri
war move ukr
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
build Army con
remove gal
build Fleet mar
build Army par
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg support rum move bul
alb support gre
bal convoy swe move lvn
bla support con move sev
boh support tyr move vie
bul hold
con move sev via convoy
gre hold
ion move eas
mar move gol
mos support war move ukr
par move bur
pru move war
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sev move arm
sil move gal
smy move con
swe move lvn via convoy
tri move bud
tyr move vie
ven move tri
vie move bud
war move ukr
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul move con
alb move adr
arm move ank
bla move ank
boh move vie
bul move con
con hold
eas support ion move aeg
gal move bud
gre support ion move aeg
ion move aeg
lvn move war
gol move spa/sc
mos move sev
mun move tyr
ser move bul
smy hold
spa/sc move por
tri move alb
ukr support mos move sev
ven move tri
vie move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army lon
build Army par
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg support eas move smy
alb support tri move ser
bel move hol
bla support con move bul
bud move ser
bul support ser move gre
bur move ruh
con move bul
eas move smy
gal support sev move rum
gre move bul/sc
par move bur
por move spa/nc
ser move gre
sev move rum
smy hold
spa/sc move por
tri move ser
tyr move tri
ukr support sev move rum
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
England: army rum
Austria: supply rum
France: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: supply sev
France: fleet smy
Turkey: fleet/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
smy move con
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
England: army rum
Austria: supply rum
France: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: supply sev
France: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
bla move ank
bul hold
con hold
gal move bud
rum support gal move bud
ukr move sev
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
England: army bud
England: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
England: army rum
England: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
