PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move pic
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move gas
rom move tus
sev move rum
smy move ank
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
vie move tri
war hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move con
bot move swe
bul move gre
con move aeg
gas move spa
ion move tun
kie move hol
nth convoy yor move nwy
nrg move bar
pic move bel
ruh support kie move hol
rum move sev
ser support alb move gre
spa move por
tri hold
ukr move rum
war move gal
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Army par
build Army rom
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bar move nwy
bel support bre move eng
ber move bal
bre move eng
bud move ser
bul move ser
con support bul
den support ber move bal
gal support rum move bud
gre support ser move bul
hol hold
lon support nth
mar move spa/sc
mos support stp/nc
mun support ven move tyr
nth support bar move nwy
nwy move fin
par move pic
por hold
rom move nap
ruh support hol
rum move bud
ser move bul
sev move rum
smy move aeg
spa move gas
stp/nc support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tri move bud
tun move tys
tus move ven
ven move tyr
vie move bud
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bal move swe
bar move nwy
bel move eng
bud move rum
bul support gre
con move bul
den support bal move swe
eng move iri
fin support bar move nwy
gal move boh
gas move bre
gre support bul
hol hold
ion support aeg move gre
lon move wal
mos support stp/nc
mun hold
nth support bar move nwy
pic move bel
por move spa
ruh support hol
rum move bla
ser support gre
spa/sc move mid
stp/nc support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tri support vie
tyr move tri
tys move tun
ven support tyr move tri
vie support tri
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
swe move bot
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove bot
build Army bud
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
ber move sil
bla convoy rum move arm
boh move sil
bud move gal
bul support gre
con move ank
den support swe
eng convoy bre move wal
fin move nwy
gre support bul
hol hold
ion move aeg
iri support bre move wal
mid move nat
mos move stp
mun support ber move sil
nth move lon
nwy move nth
ruh support hol
rum move arm via convoy
ser support gre
spa move mar
stp/nc move bar
swe support den
tri support vie
tyr move tri
ven support tyr move tri
vie support tri
wal move lvp
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
ank move arm
arm support bla move ank
bar support stp move nwy
bla move ank
boh move sil
bre move pic
bul move con
con move ank
den support swe
eng move wal
gal move war
gre move aeg
hol hold
iri move lvp
lon move eng
lvp move iri
mar move gas
mun move boh
nat support iri move lvp
nth support lon move eng
ruh move kie
ser support tri
sil move war
stp move nwy
swe support nwy
tri support vie move tyr
tyr support mun move boh
vie move tyr
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: fleet/dislodged lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army/dislodged tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
lvp move cly
tyr move pie
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
remove cly
build Army war
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
ank move con
arm support aeg move smy
bar move nwy
boh support tyr
bre move eng
bul support ank move con
con move ank
den move nth
eng move lon
gal move sil
gas move mar
hol support bel
kie support mun
lvp move cly
mun support sil move boh
nat move nrg
nth convoy nwy move edi
nwy move edi via convoy
pic move bre
pie move tyr
ser move tri
sil move boh
smy support con
stp support bar move nwy
swe support nwy
tri move ven
tun move ion
tyr support tri move ven
ven support pie move tyr
wal support bre move eng
war support gal move sil
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Russia: army/dislodged boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: fleet/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Turkey: fleet/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
boh move gal
con move bla
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bla move sev
boh move vie
bre move pic
bul move gre
cly move edi
con hold
den move nth
edi move lvp
eng support den move nth
gal move vie
ion move gre
kie move ber
lon support nth
mun support kie move ber
nth support lon
nrg support cly move edi
nwy hold
pie move tyr
ser move gre
sil support tyr move mun
stp move fin
swe move nwy
tri move vie
tyr move mun
ven support pie move tyr
wal move lvp
war move pru
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army/dislodged edi
France: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
edi move yor
mun move kie
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove bla
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
remove hol
remove lon
remove nth
build Fleet stp/sc
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
arm move sev
bel move ruh
ber support boh move sil
boh move sil
bre move eng
bud support vie
bul move gre
den support swe
edi support eng move nth
eng move nth
fin move swe
ion move gre
kie support ber
mar move bur
mun support pru move ber
nrg support eng move nth
nwy support fin move swe
pic move bel
pru move ber
ser support tri
sil support pru move ber
smy move eas
stp/sc move bot
swe support nrg move nwy
tri support vie
tyr move tri
ven support tyr move tri
vie support gal move boh
wal move lvp
war move pru
yor move lvp
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ber support boh move mun
boh move mun
bot support fin move swe
bud move vie
bul move gre
bur support boh move mun
con move aeg
den support swe
eas support con move aeg
edi move nrg
eng move lon
fin move swe
gal move boh
ion move gre
kie support ber
mun support pru move ber
nap move rom
nth support eng move lon
nrg move bar
nwy support fin move swe
pru move ber
ruh support boh move mun
ser support tri
sev move ukr
sil support pru move ber
swe support nrg move nwy
tri support vie move tyr
tyr move tri
ven support tyr move tri
vie move tyr
wal move lvp
war move pru
yor move lvp
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Germany: fleet/dislodged swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army/dislodged tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
swe move bal
tyr move pie
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet mar
build Fleet stp/nc
remove yor
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
bal support kie move ber
bar support nrg
bel support ruh
ber move sil
bot move bal
bul move gre
bur support mun
den support nth move ska
eas move ion
ion move gre
kie move ber
lon move nth
mun support ber move sil
nth move ska
nrg move bar
nwy support stp/nc move bar
pie move tyr
pru move ber
rom move nap
ruh support mun
ser move alb
sil support pru move ber
stp/nc move bar
swe support nwy
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
ukr move war
ven support pie move tyr
vie move tyr
wal move lon
war move lvn
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: army/dislodged sil
France: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ion move tun
sil move gal
ven move tus
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
France: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support ion
alb hold
bal move swe
bar support nwy
bel hold
boh support war move sil
bot move bal
bul move ser
bur support mun
den support bal move swe
gal move sil
ion move tys
kie support sil move ber
lon move nth
lvn move pru
mar move gol
nth move nwy
nrg support nth move nwy
nwy support swe
pie move ven
pru move ber
ruh support kie
sil move ber
ska support nth move nwy
swe support nwy
tri support ven
tus support pie move ven
ven support vie move tyr
vie move tyr
war move sil
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
Russia: fleet/dislodged nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army/dislodged swe
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nwy disband
swe move fin
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove lvn
build Fleet mar
remove nap
build Army par
build Army vie
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb support ser move tri
bal support pru move ber
bar move stp/nc
ber support mun
boh move mun
bur support mun
den move bal
fin move swe
gal support sil
kie support ber
gol move tys
mar move gol
mun support ber
nth support den
nrg support nwy
nwy support nrg
par move gas
pie support tus move ven
pru move ber
ruh support mun
ser move tri
sil support pru move ber
ska support swe
swe support den move bal
tri move ven
tun move tys
tus move ven
tyr support tri move ven
ven move apu
vie support tyr
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu support tys move rom
bal support pru move ber
ber support mun
boh move mun
bur support mun
den move bal
fin support stp/nc
gal support sil
gas move mar
ion move nap
kie support ber
gol move tys
mar move gol
mun support ber
nth move eng
nrg support nwy
nwy support swe
pie move ven
pru support sil move ber
ruh support mun
ser support tri move bud
sil move ber
ska support swe
stp/nc hold
swe support den move bal
tri move bud
tun support gol move tys
tus support pie move ven
tyr support boh move mun
tys move rom
vie support tyr
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
Russia: fleet/dislodged bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bal move bot
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nap
Russia: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet sev
remove tun
remove tus
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nap
Russia: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
apu support rom
bal support ber move pru
ber move pru
boh support sil
bot move bal
bud support ser move tri
bur support mun
eng move mid
fin move nwy
gal move vie
kie move ber
gol move tys
mar move pie
mun support kie move ber
nap support rom
nrg move bar
nwy support swe
pru move ber
rom support nap move tys
ruh support mun
ser move tri
sev move bla
sil support pru move ber
ska support swe
stp/nc support fin move nwy
swe support bal
tus move rom
tyr move pie
tys move tun
ven support tus move rom
vie move tyr
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nap
Russia: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
France: fleet/dislodged nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nwy move nrg
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nap
Russia: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu support tri move ven
bal convoy ber move lvn
bar move stp/nc
ber move lvn via convoy
bla move con
boh support sil
bot move swe
bud support vie
bur support mun
gal support sil
kie move ber
mid move wes
mar move pie
mun support kie move ber
nap move tys
nrg move nwy
nwy support bot move swe
pru move ber
rom move tus
ruh support mun
sil support pru move ber
ska support nrg move nwy
stp/nc hold
swe move bot
tri move ven
tun support tys
tus move rom
tyr support tri move ven
tys support tus move rom
ven support tus move rom
vie support tyr
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nap
Russia: supply nap
Russia: army/dislodged nwy
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nap
Russia: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
build Fleet tri
remove tus
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nap
Russia: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu move rom
bal support ber move pru
bar move stp/nc
ber move pru
boh support tyr move mun
bot move swe
bud move vie
bur support mun
con move aeg
gal support sil
kie move ber
lvn move mos
mar move gol
mos move war
mun support kie move ber
nap move tys
nwy support bar move stp
pru support sil
rom move tus
ruh support mun
sil support mos move war
ska support nwy
stp/nc hold
swe move bot
tri move adr
tun move ion
tyr move pie
tys support tun move ion
ven support tyr move pie
vie move tyr
wes move tun
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nap
Russia: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: army/dislodged pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Russia: army/dislodged pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
pie move mar
pru move lvn
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nap
Russia: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move ion
bal move lvn
ber support mun
boh support sil
bot move bal
bur support mun
gal support war
ion move eas
lvn move mos
gol support tys move tus
mar move pie
mos support pru move war
mun support ber
nap support aeg move ion
nwy support stp/nc
pie support tus
pru move war
rom support nap
ruh support mun
sil support war
swe move bot
tun support ion
tus support pie
tyr support boh move mun
tys move tus
ven support pie
vie support gal
war support lvn move mos
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nap
Russia: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army kie
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move apu
bal convoy kie move lvn
bel hold
ber support mun
bre move mid
bur support mun
eas move aeg
gal move ukr
gre move bul
kie move lvn via convoy
gol support tus move tys
mar move pie
mos support kie move lvn
mun support ber
nwy support stp/nc
pie support ven move tus
pru move war
rom support ven move tus
ruh support mun
ska support swe
swe move bot
tri move adr
tun move ion
tus move tys
tyr support pie
ven move tus
vie move bud
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move apu
aeg move smy
apu move nap
bal support lvn
ber move sil
boh move vie
bud move rum
bul move con
bur support mun
ion move nap
lvn support pru move war
gol support tys
mid move wes
mar move pie
mos move sev
mun support ber move sil
nwy support stp/nc
pru move war
ruh move mun
sil move boh
ska move nth
stp/nc support nwy
swe move bot
tun move ion
tus support rom
tys support tun move ion
ukr move sev
war move gal
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Russia: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
France: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ion move gre
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
remove rum
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
apu support adr move ion
bal support lvn
bel move bur
ber move sil
boh support vie
bot hold
bre move mid
bur move mar
con hold
gal move bud
gre move bul/sc
ion convoy mar move alb
lvn support war
gol convoy mar move alb
mar move alb via convoy
mos move sev
mun support ber move sil
pie support tus
rom support tus
ruh support mun
sil move gal
smy move aeg
swe move bot
tus support pie
tyr support pie
tys convoy mar move alb
ukr move sev
vie support gal move bud
war support sil move gal
wes move tun
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ion move eas
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
apu move nap
bal move bot
boh move vie
bud move ser
bur support mun
con move ank
eas move smy
gal move rum
ion move tys
lvn move mos
gol move tys
mar move pie
mos move sev
mun support sil move boh
pie support tus
rom support apu move nap
ruh support mun
sil move boh
swe support bal move bot
tun support tys move ion
tus support rom
tyr support pie
tys move ion
ukr move sev
vie move bud
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
Russia: fleet/dislodged bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Austria: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Russia: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bot disband
ion move aeg
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove ank
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Army sev
remove ukr
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ber move sil
boh support war move gal
bot move swe
bre move mid
bud support ser move rum
bul/sc move con
bur support mun
gre support tys move ion
ion move adr
lvn move war
mid move wes
mar move pie
mos support rum move sev
mun support boh
pie support tus
rom support nap
ruh support mun
rum move sev
ser move rum
sev support ser move rum
smy move con
swe move den
tun support tys move ion
tus support rom
tyr support pie
tys move ion
vie hold
war move gal
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Germany: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
sev move arm
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Germany: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move apu
aeg move ion
arm move sev
boh support mun move tyr
bud support vie
bul/sc move con
bur move mar
gal move rum
gre support ion
ion support gre
mid move wes
mar move spa
mos support sev
mun move tyr
nap move tys
pie move ven
rom move nap
ruh support mun
rum support arm move sev
sev support gal move rum
sil support war move gal
smy move con
tun support wes move tys
tus move ven
tyr move tri
vie support bud
war move gal
wes move tys
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Germany: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu move ven
arm move sev
boh move vie
bud move tri
bul/sc move con
gal support boh move vie
gre move bul/sc
ion convoy spa move alb
mar move pie
mos support sev
rum support arm move sev
sil move boh
smy move con
spa move alb via convoy
tun support ion
tyr support mar move pie
tys convoy spa move alb
vie support bud move tri
war support gal
wes convoy spa move alb
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Germany: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move smy
alb move ser
arm move ank
bel move hol
boh move vie
gal support vie move bud
gre move bul/sc
ion support tys move nap
mos support sev
nap move ion
nth move den
nwy support stp/nc
pie support ven
rom support tri move ven
ruh move kie
stp/nc support nwy
tri move ven
tun move tys
tus support tri move ven
tyr move tri
tys move nap
ven move tri
vie move bud
war support gal
wes move mid
PHASE 1913 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Austria: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Germany: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Austria: fleet/dislodged nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
France: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
France: fleet/dislodged ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
nap disband
ven move adr
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Germany: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
