PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
kie move den
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move apu
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven hold
vie move tri
war hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb support apu move gre
apu move gre via convoy
bot move swe
bur move mun
den move swe
edi move nrg
ion convoy apu move gre
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mid move spa/sc
ruh move bel
ser move bul
sev move arm
spa move por
stp move nwy
tri move ser
ven hold
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army bre
build Army bud
build Army kie
build Army mar
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army tri
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move ion
ank move bla
arm move ank
bel move bur
ber move mun
bot support nwy move swe
bre move pic
bud support ser move rum
con move bul
hol move ruh
ion move aeg
kie support ber move mun
mar move pie
mun support par move bur
nap move tys
nth move nwy
nrg support nth move nwy
nwy move swe
par move bur
ser move rum
smy move ank
stp/nc move nwy
tri move vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
mun move sil
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg hold
arm move ank
bel support ruh move bur
bla move con
bot move swe
bud move gal
bul move con
con move ank
den move swe
gre move ser
ion move eas
kie move ber
mun support kie move ber
nrg support nwy
par move bur
pic support par move bur
pie move tyr
por move spa
ruh move bur
rum hold
sil move mun
smy support bla move con
spa/sc move wes
stp/nc support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tys move tun
ukr move sev
ven move tri
vie support bud move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove eas
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Fleet nap
build Fleet rom
remove spa
build Army ven
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
arm move ank
bel support ruh move bur
ber support mun
bla move con
bot move swe
bul move gre
con move ank
den move bal
gal move bud
kie move den
lon move nth
mun support ber
nap move ion
nrg support nwy
nwy support lon move nth
par move bur
pic support par move bur
rom move nap
ruh move bur
rum move ser
ser support aeg move bul
sev move ukr
sil move mun
smy support con move ank
stp/nc move nwy
swe move fin
tri support ser
tun support nap move ion
tyr support sil move mun
ven support tri
vie move tri
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
arm move bla
bal move swe
bel support ruh move bur
ber support mun
bud move ser
bul/sc support ion move gre
den support bal move swe
fin support swe
gre move bul
ion move gre
mun support ber
nap move ion
nth support nwy
nrg support nwy
par move bur
pic support par move bur
ruh move bur
rum support bud move ser
ser support ion move gre
sil move war
spa/sc move mid
stp/nc move nwy
swe support yor move den
tri support ser
tyr move mun
ukr move rum
ven support tri
vie move tri
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army/dislodged gre
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
gre disband
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army mar
build Army nap
remove stp/nc
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move con
bal support den move swe
bel move bur
ber move pru
bla move con
bud move ser
bul/sc support gre move aeg
con move aeg
den move swe
fin move stp
gre move aeg
ion convoy nap move alb
mar move bur
mun move sil
nap move alb via convoy
nth convoy yor move hol
nrg support nwy
nwy support den move swe
par support mar move bur
pic support mar move bur
ruh move mun
rum support bud move ser
ser support bul/sc
smy support ank move con
swe support yor move den
tri support ser
tun move tys
tyr move mun
ukr move war
ven support tri
vie move tri
yor move hol via convoy
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Italy: army/dislodged ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
ORDERS
ser move gre
swe disband
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul/sc
alb move ser
ank move con
bal move bot
bel move hol
bla support con move bul
bul/sc support bla move con
bur move mun
con move bul/sc
gre support alb move ser
hol move kie
ion move adr
mid move wes
nth move den
nrg move bar
par move bur
pic move bel
pru support sil move war
ruh move kie
rum support ser
ser support vie move tri
sil move war
smy support ank move con
stp move mos
swe hold
tri support alb move ser
tyr support bur move mun
tys move ion
ukr support stp move mos
ven support tri
vie move tri
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
France: army/dislodged war
France: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
war move gal
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bel
build Army bud
build Fleet edi
remove gre
build Fleet lon
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri
aeg support bul/sc
alb support tri
bar support nwy move stp
bla move con
bot support swe
bud support ser move tri
bul/sc support bla move con
bur support pic move bel
den support hol move kie
edi move nrg
gal support mos move war
hol move kie
ion move gre
lon move nth
mos move war
mun move ber
nwy move stp/nc
pic move bel
pru move lvn
ruh move kie
rum move ser
ser move tri
tri support ven move tyr
tyr move mun
ukr support mos move war
ven move tyr
vie support bud move tri
war move sil
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
aeg move smy
alb move ser
ank move con
bar move nwy
bel hold
ber support kie
bot support lvn move stp
bud support vie move tri
bul/sc hold
bur support mun
con support aeg move smy
gal move boh
gre support bul/sc
kie move hol
lvn move stp
mun support ber
nth move hol
nrg move nwy
ruh hold
rum move sev
ser support vie move tri
smy support ank move con
swe move fin
tri support alb move ser
tyr support tri
ukr move mos
vie move tri
war move mos
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bot
build Fleet bre
build Army lon
build Fleet mar
remove ruh
remove sil
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg support bul/sc move con
alb support adr move tri
bel move bur
ber move pru
boh move gal
bre move mid
bud move rum
bul/sc move con
bur move mun
con move bla
den move swe
fin move stp
gre hold
kie move den
mar move gol
mun move sil
nth support nrg move nwy
nrg move nwy
ser support vie move tri
spa/sc move wes
stp move lvn
tri move vie
tyr support tri move vie
ukr support war move mos
vie move tri
war move mos
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg support con
alb move ser
bar support nwy move stp
bla move sev
bur move mun
con support gre move bul
den move swe
gal support sil move war
gre move bul/sc
lon move den via convoy
lvn support stp
gol move tus
mid move naf
mos support bla move sev
mun move boh
nth convoy lon move den
nwy move stp/nc
pru support sil move war
rum support bla move sev
ser support vie move tri
sil move war
stp support lvn
swe move fin
tri move vie
tyr support tri move vie
ukr support bla move sev
vie move tri
wes move tys
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Italy: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
France: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army/dislodged sev
Russia: fleet sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
sev move arm
vie move bud
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
France: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
ORDERS
remove arm
build Army edi
build Army lon
remove lvn
build Army mar
build Army nap
remove ukr
build Army ven
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
France: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move gre
bar support lon move nwy
boh move vie
bud support ser
bul/sc support con
con support bul/sc
den move swe
fin move bot
gal support boh move vie
lon move nwy via convoy
mar move pie
mos move war
mun move tyr
naf move tun
nap hold
nth convoy lon move nwy
nwy move ska
pru move sil
rum support bud
ser support rum
sev move rum
stp support mos
swe move fin
tri move adr
tus support mar move pie
tyr support ven move pie
tys move ion
ven move pie
vie move tri
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army fin
France: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg support con move smy
bar support nwy move stp
bot convoy swe move lvn
bud support ser
bul/sc hold
con move smy
edi move nwy via convoy
fin support nwy move stp
gal support vie
gre support bul/sc
mos move war
mun move tyr
nap support ven move rom
nth convoy edi move nwy
nwy move stp
pie support mun move tyr
rum support bud
ser support rum
sev move rum
sil move war
ska move den
stp support mos
swe move lvn via convoy
tri support tyr move vie
tus move rom
tyr move vie
tys support tus move rom
ven move rom
vie support mun move tyr
war move ukr
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
France: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: army/dislodged smy
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
Italy: army/dislodged tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: supply war
ORDERS
tyr move boh
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
France: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
France: supply war
ORDERS
remove aeg
build Army edi
build Fleet mar
build Army par
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army fin
France: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
France: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
boh move sil
bud support ser
bul/sc support gre
den move hel
edi move nwy via convoy
fin move stp
gal support vie
gre support bul/sc
lvn support stp move mos
mar move gol
mos move war
nap hold
nth convoy edi move nwy
nwy move fin
par move bur
pie move ven
rum support bud
ser support rum
sev move rum
sil move mun
smy move aeg
stp move mos
tri support ven
tun move ion
tus move rom
tyr move mun
tys support tun move ion
ukr move war
ven support tri
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
France: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
France: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven
aeg move eas
bud support ser
bul/sc hold
bur move mun
fin move stp
gal move vie
gre support tri move ser
hel move nth
ion move nap
lvn support stp move mos
gol move wes
mos move sev
nap move rom
nth move eng
nwy move fin
pie move ven
rom support ion move nap
rum support bud
ser support rum
sev move rum
sil move boh
stp move mos
tri move ser
tyr support pie move ven
tys support rom
ukr support mos move sev
ven support nap move rom
vie move tri
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
France: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army/dislodged nap
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
Russia: fleet/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
France: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
nap move apu
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
France: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
France: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
France: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove apu
build Fleet bre
build Army edi
remove gre
build Army lon
build Fleet mar
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
France: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
France: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
France: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ven
ank move smy
bre support wes move mid
bud move tri
bul/sc hold
eas move aeg
edi move nwy via convoy
eng move mid
fin move stp
gal support vie
mar move spa/sc
mos move sev
mun move ruh
nap move ion
nth convoy edi move nwy
pie support tyr
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev move arm
sil move mun
stp move mos
tri support ven
tys support nap move ion
ukr move war
ven support tri
wes move mid
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet/dislodged bul/sc
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
ORDERS
