PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber support mun
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move hol
lon move eng
lvp move edi
mar move spa
mos move sev
nap move tys
par move pic
rom move ven
sev move rum
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move tyr
vie move tri
war hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
arm support bla move sev
ber move sil
bla move sev
bot move swe
bul move rum
eng move bel
hol hold
mid move por
mun hold
nth convoy edi move nwy
pic support eng move bel
rum support sev
ser hold
sev support rum
spa hold
tri move vie
tyr support ven move tri
tys move tun
ven move tri
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Turkey: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
sev move mos
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
build Army ber
build Army bud
build Fleet con
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
build Army mar
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army ven
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
arm move sev
bel move nth
ber move kie
bud support vie move tri
bul support sev move rum
con support ank move bla
gre move bul/sc
lon support bel move nth
mar move bur
mos support rum move sev
nap support tun move ion
nth move den
par move pic
pic move bel
por move mid
rum move sev
ser support vie move tri
sev move rum
sil move boh
spa move mar
swe move nwy
tri support tyr move vie
tun move ion
tyr move vie
ukr support rum move sev
ven support tri
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
tri move tyr
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bel move ruh
bla support arm move sev
boh move tyr
bud support tri
bul move rum
bur support bel move ruh
con move aeg
den move swe
gal support ukr move rum
gre hold
hol move hel
ion move adr
kie move den
lon move nth
mid move nat
mar move pie
mos support sev
mun move tyr
nap move ion
nth move den
nwy hold
pic support bur
ser support tri
sev support ukr move rum
tri hold
tyr move tri
ukr move rum
ven support tyr move tri
vie support tyr move tri
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army lvp
build Fleet stp/sc
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
aeg move gre
arm move sev
bla support bul move rum
boh support mun
bud support tri move vie
bul move rum
bur move mun
gal move bud
gre hold
hel move den
ion support aeg move gre
kie move hol
lon support nth
lvp move yor
mos support sev
mun move ruh
nth support swe move nwy
nwy hold
pic move bel
pie support tyr
ruh support bur move mun
rum support gal move bud
ser move tri
sev support rum
stp/sc move bot
swe move nwy
tri move vie
tyr support bur move mun
ven move tri
vie move boh
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: fleet/dislodged gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
Russia: fleet/dislodged nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
gre move bul/sc
nwy move ska
rum move ukr
tri move alb
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr support tri
alb move tri
arm move sev
bel move hol
bla support arm move sev
boh move mun
bot support ska move swe
bul/sc move con
bud support alb move tri
gal support ukr move rum
hol hold
ion move alb
lon move nth
mos support sev
nat move nrg
nth move ska
nwy support nth move ska
pie move mar
ruh support bel move hol
rum support arm move sev
ser support alb move tri
sev move bla
ska move swe
tri support vie move bud
tyr support tri
ukr move rum
vie move bud
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: army/dislodged hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Turkey: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
rum move bul
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove alb
build Army ank
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Army kie
build Army par
build Army ven
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr support tri
ank move con
ber move mun
bla support ank move con
boh support ber move mun
bot support swe
bre move mid
bud move vie
bul support ank move con
con move bul/sc
den move kie
edi hold
gal move ukr
gre move aeg
hol move kie
ion support adr
mar move bur
mos support rum move sev
mun move ber
nth move den
nrg support nwy
nwy hold
par move pic
ruh support hol move kie
rum move sev
ser support con move bul/sc
sev move rum
ska support nth move den
swe hold
tri move bud
tyr support tri
ven support tri
vie support tri move bud
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: army/dislodged sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bud move rum
bul move rum
mun move sil
sev move arm
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
aeg move con
arm move sev
bla move rum
bot support swe
bul/sc hold
bur move mun
den support nwy move swe
ion move gre
kie move ber
mid move wes
mos move war
nwy move swe
pic move bur
ruh move kie
ser move rum
sev hold
sil support bur move mun
ska support nwy move swe
swe hold
tyr move boh
ukr support sev
ven move tri
vie support bud
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
swe move bal
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet lon
build Army lvp
build Fleet mar
build Army nap
build Army par
build Army ven
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr convoy ven move alb
bal move pru
ber move pru
bul/sc move con
bud support tri move ser
bur move mun
den move bal
gre move bul/sc
kie move ber
lon move nth
mar move gol
mun move boh
par move bur
ser move rum
sev support ukr move rum
ska support swe
swe support den move bal
tri move ser
tyr move ven
ukr move rum
ven move alb
war support bal move pru
wes move tys
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
arm move sev
bal support ber move pru
ber move pru
bla support arm move sev
boh move gal
bot move bal
bul/sc move con
bur hold
con move bul
kie move ber
lvp move yor
gol move tys
mun move boh
nth convoy yor move nwy
nrg move bar
pru move lvn
rum move bul
sev move ukr
sil support ber move pru
ska move swe
swe move fin
tys move ion
war support pru
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
France: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
remove bot
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
France: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move con
bal support pru move lvn
bar support fin move stp/sc
ber move pru
bla support con move bul
boh move gal
bul/sc move con
bur move mar
con move bul
edi move nwy
fin move stp/sc
gal move war
ion move eas
lvn move pru
lvp move yor
nth convoy edi move nwy
pru move lvn
rum move sev
sev move rum
sil support gal move war
swe move bot
tys move ion
ukr support sev
war move mos
yor move lon
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
England: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet/dislodged bul/sc
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
England: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bal move den
bar move nrg
bla support con move bul/sc
bot move bal
con move bul/ec
gal move ukr
lon move nwy
lvn support war move mos
mar move bur
mos support ukr move sev
nth convoy lon move nwy
nwy move stp
pru hold
rum support ukr move sev
sev move rum
sil move war
stp/sc move bot
ukr move sev
war move mos
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
France: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: army/dislodged sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
sev move arm
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
France: army mos
France: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army lon
build Fleet mar
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
France: army mos
France: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
arm move smy
bla support bul move rum
bre move mid
bul move rum
bur move gas
con move aeg
eas move smy
ion move aeg
lvn move war
mar move gol
mos move sev
pru move ber
rum support sev
sev support rum
ukr support mos move sev
war move gal
yor move edi
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
France: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
France: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
con move aeg
eas move smy
gal support bud move rum
ion move aeg
gol move tys
mid move wes
rum support arm move sev
sev hold
ukr support sev
war move mos
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
France: army mos
France: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
France: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet bre
build Fleet mar
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
France: army mos
France: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
France: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move smy
ber move sil
bla move bul/ec
bot move stp/sc
con support ank move smy
edi move yor
gal move rum
gas move mar
ion move eas
mar move gol
mos move sev
nth move edi
rum move ukr
sev support rum move ukr
smy hold
stp move fin
tys move ion
ukr support gal move rum
wes move tys
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
France: army mos
France: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: army smy
France: fleet/dislodged smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
France: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
smy move aeg
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
France: army mos
France: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: army smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
France: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg convoy mar move bul
bal move den
bul/ec support sev move rum
con support smy
den move nth
eas move smy
edi move cly
fin move stp
ion convoy mar move bul
gol convoy mar move bul
mar move bul
mos support ukr move sev
nrg move nat
rum support mar move bul
sev move rum
sil move boh
smy support con
tys convoy mar move bul
ukr move sev
yor move edi
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
England: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
France: army mos
France: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
France: army sev
Turkey: army/dislodged sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: supply war
ORDERS
sev move arm
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
England: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
France: army mos
France: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army rum
France: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
France: army sev
France: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
England: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
France: army mos
France: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army rum
France: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
France: army sev
France: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support rum move bul
arm move sev
boh move tyr
bul/ec move con
cly move lvp
con move bul/sc
den move nth
eas move syr
fin move stp
ion support tys move nap
gol move tys
mar move pie
mos move ukr
nth move nrg
rum move bul
sev move arm
stp/sc move bot
tys move nap
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
France: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
France: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet/dislodged bul/ec
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
France: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: army/dislodged nap
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
France: army sev
France: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: fleet syr
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: supply war
ORDERS
bul/ec move bla
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
France: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
France: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
France: army sev
France: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: fleet syr
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
arm move rum
bla convoy arm move rum
bot move swe
bul support aeg move con
con move bul/sc
ion move aeg
lvp move iri
nrg move bar
pie move ven
sev hold
smy move syr
syr move smy
tyr support pie move ven
tys move rom
ukr support sev
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
France: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: fleet con
Turkey: fleet/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
France: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
France: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
France: army sev
France: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
France: fleet syr
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ukr
France: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
France: army bul
France: supply bul
France: fleet con
France: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
France: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
France: army sev
France: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
France: fleet syr
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: supply war
ORDERS
build Army mar
build Army par
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
France: army bul
France: supply bul
France: fleet con
France: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
France: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
France: army sev
France: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
France: fleet syr
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support syr move smy
bul support ukr move rum
con move ank
mar move pie
nap move ion
rom move nap
sev hold
swe move den
syr move smy
ukr move rum
ven move tri
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
France: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
France: army bul
France: supply bul
France: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
France: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army rum
Turkey: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
France: army sev
France: supply sev
Turkey: army/dislodged smy
France: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
France: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
France: army bul
France: supply bul
France: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
France: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
France: army sev
France: supply sev
France: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bul move ser
ion support aeg move gre
nat move mid
nap move apu
rum support bul move ser
tri support tyr move vie
tyr move vie
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
France: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
France: supply bul
France: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet gre
Italy: fleet/dislodged gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
France: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
France: army ser
Italy: supply ser
France: army sev
France: supply sev
France: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: supply ven
France: army vie
Italy: army/dislodged vie
Italy: supply vie
France: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
France: fleet ank
France: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
France: supply bul
France: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
France: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army rum
France: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
France: army sev
France: supply sev
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
France: supply war
ORDERS
