PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move wal
mar move spa
mos move sev
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move apu
sev move arm
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move ven
ven hold
vie move bud
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu move tun via convoy
bla support bud move rum
bud move ser
bul move gre
con move ank
den hold
eng convoy wal move bre
ion convoy apu move tun
kie move hol
mid move por
nth move nwy
pic move bre
ruh move bel
ser move gre
ven hold
wal move bre via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Fleet con
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
bel hold
ber move pru
bla move rum
bre support por move mid
bud move tri
bul support ser move gre
con move aeg
den move nth
eng move nth
hol hold
ion move eas
kie move bal
mun move sil
nap move ion
nwy move swe
par move bur
pic support par move bur
por move mid
ser move gre
spa hold
tri move adr
tun hold
ven hold
vie support bud move tri
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
aeg move smy
ank move arm
bal move swe
bel hold
bre move eng
bul support rum
bur move mar
den support bal move swe
eas move smy
eng move nth
gre hold
hol support bel
ion move adr
lon support eng move nth
mid move iri
pru move war
rum move sev
sil move mun
spa move naf
tri move ven
tun hold
ven hold
vie move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
England: fleet/dislodged swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
swe move ska
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet kie
build Fleet smy
build Army vie
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg move ion
ank move arm
bel support hol
ber move pru
bul support rum
den move ska
eas support ion
eng move wal
gal move sil
hol support bel
ion convoy tun move apu
iri move lvp
kie move den
lon move eng
mar move pie
mun move boh
nth support lon move eng
rum hold
ska move nwy
smy move eas
spa move mar
swe support den move ska
tri support adr move ven
tun move apu
ven support mun move tyr
vie move tyr
wal move lvp
war move mos
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet/dislodged eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Austria: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
eng move bre
ven move tus
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support smy move eas
apu move ven
arm move sev
boh move vie
bre move eng
den move nth
eas move aeg
hol support bel
ion support eas move aeg
iri move lvp
mos hold
nth move ska
nwy support nth move ska
pic support bel
pru move ber
rum support arm move sev
sil move ber
ska support swe move nwy
smy move eas
swe move nwy
tri move vie
tus support apu move ven
tyr support ven
ven hold
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet/dislodged aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army mun
build Army par
build Fleet smy
remove tus
build Army vie
remove wal
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
apu move ven
bel hold
boh support pie move tyr
bre move eng
bul support gre
con move aeg
den move nth
eas support con move aeg
eng move bel
hol move kie
ion support aeg move gre
lvp move iri
mar move pie
mos hold
mun support pie move tyr
nth support eng move bel
nwy move swe
pie move tyr
pru move sil
rum support sev
sil move gal
ska move nwy
smy support con move aeg
swe support ska move nwy
tri support ven
tyr support vie move boh
ven hold
vie move boh
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
nwy move nrg
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
apu move ven
bel support kie move hol
boh move vie
bre move eng
bul move rum
den move nth
eas move ion
eng move mid
gal move boh
ion hold
iri support bre move eng
kie move hol
mos move stp
mun move boh
nth move nwy
nrg support nth move nwy
nwy hold
par move gas
pie move ven
rum move bla
sev hold
sil move war
smy move eas
swe move ska
tri support ven
tyr support boh move vie
ven hold
vie support gal move boh
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
Germany: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ion move tun
nwy move swe
vie move bud
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army kie
build Fleet nap
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
apu support ven
ber move sil
bla move con
bud support gal move vie
eas move ion
eng move lon
gal move vie
gas move spa
gre move ser
hol move edi via convoy
ion move tys
iri move mid
kie move mun
mid move por
mun move boh
nap move tys
nth convoy hol move edi
nrg move edi
nwy move swe
pic hold
pie support tyr move ven
rum move ukr
ska support swe move nwy
stp move mos
swe move nwy
tri support ven
tun move tys
tyr move ven
ven hold
vie move tri
war move ukr
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
nwy move bar
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
apu move rom
bar move stp/nc
boh move gal
bud move gal
eas move ion
hol move edi via convoy
ion move tun
mid support spa move por
mos move stp
mun support sil move boh
nap move ion
nth convoy hol move edi
nrg move edi
nwy hold
por move spa/sc
rum move ukr
ser support tri
sev support rum move ukr
sil move boh
ska support nwy
spa move por
tri support ven
tun support nap move ion
ven hold
vie move tyr
war support boh move gal
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ion move tys
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove bar
build Army ber
build Fleet mar
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
ber move mun
boh move vie
bud support vie
con move bla
eas move ion
gal support boh move vie
hol move yor via convoy
ion support rom move nap
lon move eng
mid move wes
mar move gol
mos support war move ukr
mun move boh
nth convoy hol move yor
nrg hold
nwy move nrg
pie support tyr
por move spa
rom move nap
ser support bud
sev move mos
ska move nwy
tri support ven
tun support ion
tyr support boh move vie
tys support eas move ion
ukr support sev move mos
ven hold
vie support tri
war move ukr
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
ion move gre
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support ion move gre
bla move bul/ec
boh support vie
bud move vie
gal support war move ukr
gre move ion
ion move gre
mos support war move ukr
mun support tyr
nap hold
nth support yor move edi
nwy hold
pie support tyr move ven
ser move bud
sev move mos
ska move den
spa move naf via convoy
tri support bud move vie
tun move ion
tyr move ven
tys move nap
ukr move rum
vie support gal
war move ukr
wes convoy spa move naf
yor move edi
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Italy: fleet/dislodged gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
Austria: fleet/dislodged ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
gre move alb
ven move adr
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove adr
build Army ber
build Army con
build Army kie
build Army mar
remove nrg
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support gre
alb move tri
ber move sil
boh support vie
bud move vie
bul/ec move bla
con move bul
den move nth
gal move rum
gre support aeg
ion move nap
kie move ber
mar move pie
mos move sev
naf move tun
nap move rom
nth move nrg
nwy move bar
pie move tus
rum support sev
ser move bud
sev support rum
tri support bud move vie
tys move rom
ukr support mos move sev
ven support vie move tri
vie support ven move tri
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Turkey: army/dislodged sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
sev move arm
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb support ion move gre
arm support rum move sev
bar convoy edi move stp
bla support rum move sev
boh move vie
bud move vie
bul move rum
edi move stp via convoy
gal support vie move bud
gre support aeg move ion
ion move gre
gol move tys
mun move tyr
nap move rom
nrg convoy edi move stp
pie move tus
rum move sev
ser support tri
sev support ukr
sil move boh
tus move rom
tys support aeg move ion
ukr support sev
ven support tus move rom
vie move bud
wes support gol move tys
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Turkey: fleet/dislodged gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Germany: army/dislodged sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
gre move aeg
sev move mos
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet mar
build Army mun
remove nap
build Army par
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move con
alb support gre
arm support sev
ber move sil
bla support rum
boh move gal
bud support gal move rum
gal move rum
gre support alb
ion move aeg
mar move gol
mos move sev
mun move boh
par move bur
rom support tys move nap
rum support sev
ser support tri move bud
tri move bud
tus move ven
tyr support ven move tri
tys move nap
ukr support gal move rum
ven move tri
vie support ven move tri
wes move tys
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
alb move gre
arm support sev
bla support rum
boh support gal
bud hold
bur move ruh
con move bul/sc
eng support pic move bel
gal support vie move bud
gre move bul/sc
gol move tys
mos move sev
nap move apu
pic move bel
rom move nap
rum support sev
ser support bud
sev support rum
sil move war
stp move mos
tri support bud
tyr move vie
tys move ion
ukr support mos move sev
ven support tri
vie move bud
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bar
France: army bel
Germany: army/dislodged bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bel move hol
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove alb
build Fleet bre
build Army mar
build Army par
remove stp
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
apu move ion
arm support sev
bel support ruh move hol
bla support rum
boh move mun
bre move eng
bud move vie
bul/sc support aeg move gre
eng move nth
gal move rum
gre support ion move aeg
hol support mun move kie
ion move alb
mar move bur
mos support ukr
mun move kie
nap move tus via convoy
nth move lon
nrg move nat
par move pic
ruh move hol
rum support sev
ser support bud
sev support rum
tri support bud
tyr support vie move tri
tys convoy nap move tus
ukr support gal move rum
ven support tri
vie move tri
war move sil
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
alb support tun move gre
arm support sev
bar move nwy
bel support bur move ruh
bla support rum
bud support tri
bul/sc support gre
bur move ruh
eng support nth move lon
gal support vie move bud
gre support bul/sc
hol support bur move ruh
ion convoy tun move gre
kie support mun move ruh
lon hold
mos move sev
mun move ruh
nat move lvp
nth move lon
pic move bur
rum support sev
ser support bud
sev support rum
sil move mun
tri support bud
tun move gre via convoy
tus move pie
tyr move pie
tys hold
ukr support gal
ven support tri
vie move bud
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
Germany: fleet/dislodged lon
France: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
lon move yor
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army con
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
arm support sev
bel support ruh
ber support kie
bla support rum
bud support ser move rum
bul/sc move aeg
bur move mun
con move bul
eng move nth
gal support ukr move rum
gre move ion
hol move kie
ion move eas
kie support mun move ruh
lon support eng move nth
lvp move wal
mos move sev
mun move ruh
nwy move nth
ruh support bur move mun
rum support sev
ser move rum
sev support rum
sil move mun
tri support ven move tyr
tus move pie
tyr support vie move tri
tys move ion
ukr move rum
ven move tyr
vie move tri
yor support nwy move nth
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Germany: supply war
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
mun move boh
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Germany: supply war
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg move smy
alb support tri
arm support sev
bel move ruh
ber support sil move mun
bla support rum
boh support tyr
bud support tri
bul support rum
eas move smy
eng support lon
gal support vie
gre support bul
hol support ruh move kie
kie support sil move mun
mos support ukr
mun move ber
nwy move nth
pie move tyr
ruh move kie
rum support sev
ser support bud
sev support rum
sil move mun
tri support bud
tyr support sil move mun
tys move ion
ukr hold
ven support pie move tyr
vie support tyr
wal support yor move lon
yor move lon
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
Germany: army/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Germany: supply war
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
kie move den
mun move bur
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Germany: supply war
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
remove boh
build Fleet bre
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Germany: supply war
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb support tun move gre
arm move smy
ber support den move kie
bla support sev
bre move eng
bud hold
bul support rum
bur support ruh move mun
den move kie
eas move aeg
eng move wal
gal support vie
gre support aeg move ion
hol support kie
ion convoy tun move gre
kie support ruh move mun
lon support eng move wal
mun support den move kie
nth support yor move lon
pie move tyr
ruh move mun
rum support sev
ser support bud
sev support rum
tri support pie move tyr
tun move gre via convoy
tyr support mun
ven support pie move tyr
vie support tyr
wal support yor move lon
yor move lon
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet/dislodged ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Germany: army/dislodged tyr
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ion move nap
mun move sil
tyr move boh
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
alb support tri
ber support den move kie
bla support sev
boh support sil move mun
bre move eng
bud move rum
bul support rum
bur move ruh
den move kie
eng move bel
gal support vie
gre support ion
hol support eng move bel
ion support gre
kie support mun move ber
lon support nth move eng
mos support ukr
mun move ber
nap move ion
nth move eng
rum support sev
ser support bud move rum
sev support rum
sil move mun
smy move con
tri move vie
tyr support tri move vie
ukr support gal
ven move tri
vie support boh
wal support nth move eng
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
mun move bur
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb support aeg move ion
bel move eng
ber support den move kie
bla support rum
boh support mun
bre move mid
bud hold
bul support gre
bur move mun
den move kie
eng move mid
gal support vie
gre support bul
hol support kie
ion move tys
lon move nth
mos support ukr
mun support den move kie
nap move tys
ruh support bur move mun
rum support sev
ser support bud
sev support rum
smy move con
tri move vie
tyr support bur move mun
ukr support bud move rum
ven support tyr
vie support boh
wal move eng
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ion move eas
mun move sil
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
alb support nap move ion
bel support bre move eng
ber support den move kie
bla support rum
boh support sil move mun
bre move eng
bud move rum
bul support gre
con move smy
den move kie
eas move aeg
eng move mid
gal move bud
hol support bel
ion move aeg
kie support mun
mos move sev
mun move ber
nap move ion
nth move hol
ruh support kie
rum support sev
ser support bud move rum
sev support rum
sil move mun
tri support tyr
tyr support mun
ukr support bud move rum
ven support tri
vie support boh
wal move iri
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Turkey: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
mun move bur
rum move gal
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove smy
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
bel support eng move nth
ber support den move kie
bla support sev
boh support mun
bud support vie
bul move ser
bur support ruh
den move kie
eas move ion
eng move nth
gal move rum
gre support bul
hol support kie
ion support alb move gre
iri move eng
mid move spa/nc
mos move sev
mun support den move kie
nap move tys
nth move lon
ruh support kie
rum move bud
ser support rum move bud
sev support gal move rum
tri support tyr move vie
tyr move vie
ukr support mos move sev
ven move tyr
vie support bud
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: fleet spa/nc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
alb support tun move gre
bel move pic
ber move kie
bla support sev
boh support mun
bud support ukr move rum
bul support gal move rum
bur move mun
den support ber move kie
eas move aeg
eng move bre
gal move rum
gre move ion
hol support kie
ion convoy tun move gre
kie support bur move mun
lon move nth
mos move sev
mun support ber move kie
nth move nwy
ruh support bur move mun
rum move bud
ser support rum move bud
sev move ukr
tri support vie
tun move gre via convoy
tyr support bur move mun
tys move wes
ukr move rum
PHASE 1913 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Germany: army/dislodged bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: fleet spa/nc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bud move gal
mun move sil
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army gal
France: army gre
France: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Germany: fleet spa/nc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet con
build Fleet mar
build Army par
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army gal
France: army gre
France: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Germany: fleet spa/nc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb support gre
bud move rum
bul support aeg move gre
con move aeg
hol support kie
ion move eas
kie support mun
mar support wes move spa
mun support tyr move sil
par move bre
pic support par move bre
ruh move bel
rum support sev
ser move bul
sev support rum
tri support vie
tyr move boh
vie support tyr move boh
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1914 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: army bre
Germany: fleet/dislodged bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army gal
France: army gre
France: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Germany: fleet/dislodged spa/nc
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bre disband
spa/nc disband
PHASE 1914 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army gal
France: army gre
France: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
bud move rum
con support bul
eas move smy
gre support ser move bul
kie move ber
mun support kie move ber
nwy move swe
rum support sev
ser support bud move rum
sev support rum
PHASE 1914 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: army/dislodged ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army gal
France: army gre
France: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
France: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ber disband
PHASE 1914 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army gal
France: army gre
France: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
