PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move ven
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move pie
vie move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move con
bot move swe
bul move rum
bur move mar
con move bul
edi move nwy via convoy
hol support ruh move bel
ion move tun
kie move den
mid move spa/sc
nth support edi move nwy
nrg convoy edi move nwy
pie move mar
ruh move bel
ser support alb move gre
sev move bla
spa move por
ukr move rum
ven move pie
vie move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army bud
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army sev
build Fleet smy
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move pic
ber move mun
bla support sev move rum
bud support ser move rum
bul move rum
bur support par move pic
con move bul
den hold
gre move aeg
hol move bel
kie move hol
lon move eng
mun move ruh
nap move tys
nth move ska
nrg move nwy
nwy move stp
par move pic
pie move mar
por move spa
ser move rum
sev move rum
smy move aeg
spa/sc move wes
tri move alb
tun move wes
ukr support sev move rum
ven hold
vie move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move ion
ank move con
bel support mun move bur
bla support rum move bul
bud move rum
bur support pic
con move smy
den hold
eng move bre
gre move aeg
hol support bel
kie move mun
mun move bur
nwy move swe
pic move bre
pie move mar
por move spa
ruh support mun move bur
rum move bul
ser support bud move rum
ska support nwy move swe
smy move eas
spa/sc move mid
tun move wes
tys support tun move wes
ukr move mos
ven move rom
vie move gal
war move lvn
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bul disband
bur move par
swe move bot
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bot
build Army bud
build Army edi
build Fleet lon
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
bel support bur move pic
bla move rum
bud move gal
bul support bla move rum
bur move pic
con support eas move aeg
den hold
eas move aeg
edi move lvp
eng support bur move pic
gal move ukr
hol support bel
ion move eas
lon move wal
lvn support mos move stp
mid move bre
mos move stp
mun move bur
par support pic move bur
pic move bur
pie move mar
ruh support mun move bur
rum support gal move ukr
ser support aeg move bul
ska move nth
spa move gas
stp hold
swe move bot
tys move gol
wes support tys move gol
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army/dislodged bul
Russia: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
England: army/dislodged stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bul disband
stp move nwy
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
bel move pic
bot support nwy move stp
bul/sc support eas move aeg
bur support pic move par
con move bul/sc
eas move aeg
eng move mid
gal move war
gas move spa
hol move bel
lvn move mos
lvp move wal
gol support pie move mar
mar support gas move spa
nth move ska
nwy move stp
pic move par
pie move mar
rom hold
ruh support bur
rum support ukr move sev
ser move gre
ukr move sev
wal move eng
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: army/dislodged stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet kie
build Fleet nap
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg convoy smy move bul
bel move nth
bot move swe
bre move mid
bud move ser
bul/sc hold
bur move bel
con move bul/sc
den move swe
eas move aeg
eng move nth
gas move spa
kie move bal
gol move spa/sc
mid move por
mar support gol move spa
nap move ion
par support pic move bre
pic move bre
rom move ven
ruh move kie
rum support bul/sc
sev support war move mos
ska move nwy
smy move bul via convoy
tri move alb
vie move gal
wal move lon
war move mos
wes move mid
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bot
Germany: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bot
Germany: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb support gre
bal support den move swe
bel move nth
bot move swe
bre support par
bul/sc support gre
bur move bel
con hold
den move swe
eas move aeg
eng move nth
gal move vie
gas move par
kie move ber
lon move yor
mar support spa/sc
nwy support bot move swe
par support bre
por hold
rum support bul/sc
ser move tri
sev move arm
spa/sc support wes move mid
stp support nwy
ven move tyr
wes move mid
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bot
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove gas
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
build Army ven
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bot
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb support gre
arm move ank
bal move den
bel move eng
ber support bur move mun
bot move swe
bre hold
bud move gal
bul/sc move aeg
bur move mun
den move kie
eas support bul/sc move aeg
eng support lon move nth
ion support aeg move gre
kie move hol
lon move nth
mid move por
mar move pie
nwy support bot move swe
par move bur
por hold
rum move bul
spa/sc support mid move por
stp move fin
tri support vie
tyr move boh
ven move tyr
vie support tri
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support alb move ion
alb move ion
ank support bul move con
bel support hol move nth
ber support mun
boh support tyr move vie
bre hold
bul move con
bur support bel
den support hol move nth
eas move smy
eng move bel
fin move nwy
gal support vie
hol move nth
kie support den
mos move war
mun support ber
nth support swe move den
nwy move ska
pie move ven
swe move den
tri move ven
tyr move vie
vie hold
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: army con
Turkey: fleet/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ion move tun
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet nap
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support ion
ank move arm
bel support den move nth
ber move kie
boh move vie
bre hold
bud move vie
bur support bel
den move nth
eas support ion
eng move bel
gal move boh
gre move apu via convoy
hol support den move nth
ion convoy gre move apu
kie move den
mun hold
nap move tys
nth move hol
nwy move swe
pie move ven
por move mid
ska move den
smy move arm
spa/sc move wes
swe move bal
tri support vie move tyr
tun move tys
tyr support pie move ven
vie move tyr
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army/dislodged tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
tyr move pie
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank move smy
apu support tri move ven
bal move kie
bel move eng
ber support bur move mun
boh support pie move tyr
bre hold
bud move vie
bur move mun
con support ank move smy
eas support aeg move ion
eng move mid
gal support bud move vie
hol support nth
ion move adr
kie move den
mid support bel move eng
mun move kie
nap support tun move tys
nth support kie move den
pie move tyr
ska support swe move den
smy move arm
swe move den
tri move ven
tun move tys
tyr support tri move ven
ven support pie move tyr
wes move tun
yor move edi
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
England: fleet/dislodged eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Austria: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army/dislodged tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
eng move wal
tyr disband
ven move rom
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
remove arm
remove boh
build Army bud
build Fleet lon
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr support apu
apu support ion move nap
bal move den
ber move pru
bre move lon via convoy
bud move tri
bur move mun
con move bul
eas support ion
eng convoy bre move lon
gal move boh
hol move hel
ion move nap
kie move den
lon hold
mun move ber
nap support tun move ion
nth support bre move lon
rom support nap
ska support bal move den
smy move arm
swe support bal move den
tri move alb
tun move ion
tyr move ven
tys support tun move ion
ven move rom
vie support gal move boh
wal support lon
war hold
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Austria: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr support alb move ion
alb move ion
apu support nap
arm move sev
ber support mun
boh support vie move tyr
bre move nwy via convoy
bul move gre
den support swe move kie
eas move aeg
edi move yor
eng convoy bre move nwy
hel move den
ion move nap
kie support hel move den
lon move nth
mid support eng
mun support ber
nap support apu
nth convoy bre move nwy
pru move war
rom support ion move nap
ska convoy swe move kie
swe move kie via convoy
tri support vie move tyr
tyr move pie
tys support ion move nap
ven move rom
vie move tyr
wal move eng
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
den disband
ion move eas
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army vie
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg convoy gre move smy
apu move rom
ber move sil
boh move sil
bud move gal
den support nth
eas move aeg
eng support nth
gre move smy via convoy
ion move tun
kie support mun
lon move nth
mid move wes
mun support ber move sil
nap support apu move rom
nth support eng
nwy move stp
pie move ven
pru move lvn
rom move nap
sev move mos
ska support swe move nwy
swe support ska move nwy
tri move tyr
tyr move pie
tys move ion
ven support tyr move pie
vie support tri move tyr
wal move eng
war move pru
yor move edi
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: army/dislodged pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: army rom
Italy: army/dislodged rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
pie move mar
rom move tus
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg support adr move ion
boh support tyr move mun
den support nth
eas move aeg
eng support nth
gal move war
kie move ber
lon move nth
lvn move mos
mar support tus move pie
mos support gal move war
mun support kie move ber
nap move tys
nth support eng
pie support ven move tus
pru move lvn
rom support ven move tus
sil support mun
ska move den
stp support lvn move mos
swe move nwy
tun support nap move tys
tus move pie
tyr move mun
tys move tun
ven move tus
vie move gal
wal move eng
wes support tys move tun
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Austria: army/dislodged mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Austria: army/dislodged pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Austria: fleet/dislodged tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
mos move sev
pie move ven
tun move naf
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet kie
remove pie
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move eas
ber move sil
boh support tyr move mun
bud move gal
den support nth
eas support tun move ion
eng support nth
gal move ukr
ion support aeg move eas
kie move bal
lon support wal move eng
lvn support war move mos
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun support sil move boh
naf move wes
nth support eng
rom move ven
sev support war move mos
sil move boh
ska move den
stp move fin
tun move ion
tus support ven move pie
tyr move mun
tys support naf move wes
ven move pie
wal move eng
war move mos
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
Italy: fleet/dislodged wes
ORDERS
wes move gol
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg hold
bal move swe
ber move pru
boh support tyr
den support bal move swe
eng support nth
fin support stp
gal support ukr move war
ion support tys move tun
lon move nth
mos support lvn
mun support sil
nth support eng
nwy move swe
pie support spa move mar
sil support mun
ska move den
stp hold
tyr support boh
tys move tun
ukr move war
wal move eng
wes support tys move tun
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Italy: fleet/dislodged tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move eas
bal move lvn
boh move mun
den move ska
eas move ion
eng support nth
fin move nwy
gal move war
ion support aeg move eas
lon move nth
lvn support mos
gol move tys
mos support lvn
mun hold
nth support fin move nwy
nwy move swe
pie move mar
pru support sil move war
sev move ukr
sil move war
ska move den
spa move mar
stp move mos
tri move adr
tun move tys
tyr support boh move mun
vie move boh
wal move eng
war move sil
wes support tun move tys
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
Italy: fleet/dislodged eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
eas move syr
mun move kie
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet syr
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
bal move lvn
boh move sil
den support nwy move swe
eas support smy move syr
eng support nth
gal support lvn move war
ion move tys
kie move ber
lon move nth
lvn move war
mos support lvn move war
mun move ber
nth support eng
nwy move swe
pie move mar
pru move ber
ska support lon move nth
smy move syr
stp support war move mos
swe move nwy
tus hold
tyr move mun
tys move gol
ukr support lvn move war
ven move pie
wal move eng
war move mos
wes support tys move gol
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Austria: army/dislodged mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet/dislodged nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
England: army/dislodged swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
mos move sev
nth move nwy
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
