PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move eng
bud move ser
con move bul
kie move den
mar move pie
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nap move tys
par move pic
rom move tus
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri hold
ven move pie
vie move gal
war hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bla move con
bot move swe
bul move gre
con move bul
den move nth
eng support den move nth
gal move rum
kie move den
mar move spa
pic move bel
ruh move hol
rum move sev
ser support gal move rum
stp move nwy
tus move tun via convoy
tys convoy tus move tun
ven move pie
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Fleet kie
build Army mar
build Army mun
build Fleet rom
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/sc
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
bel move wal via convoy
bre move mid
bud move vie
bul hold
con move aeg
den move kie
eng convoy bel move wal
gre hold
hol move yor via convoy
kie move hel
mar hold
mun move ruh
nth convoy hol move yor
nwy move fin
pie move mar
rom move tys
rum move bud
ser move tri
sev hold
smy move eas
spa hold
stp/sc move bot
swe move nwy
tri move adr
tys move gol
ukr hold
vie move tyr
war hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
adr support aeg move ion
aeg move ion
bla move con
bud move vie
eas hold
eng support wal move lon
fin move stp
gre move alb
hel move nth
kie move mun
gol move tys
mid move por
mar hold
nth move edi
pie move ven
ruh move mun
sev move arm
spa support mar
tri support tyr move ven
tun hold
tyr move ven
tys move ion
ukr move sev
vie move tyr
wal move lon
war move ukr
yor support nth move edi
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: fleet edi
England: fleet/dislodged edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Army mun
build Army par
remove pie
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
adr convoy alb move apu
alb move apu via convoy
arm move sev
bot move bal
bre move mid
bud move vie
con move aeg
eas move ion
edi move yor
eng hold
ion move nap
kie hold
lon move wal
gol move tys
mar move pie
mun move bur
nth support ruh move bel
nwy move ska
par move bur
por move spa/sc
ruh move bel
sev move ukr
spa move gas
stp move nwy
tri move tyr
tun hold
tyr support vie move boh
tys move nap
ukr move war
ven move rom
vie move boh
yor move lon
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
aeg hold
apu move nap
bal support nwy move den
bel hold
boh support tyr move mun
bul move gre
eas hold
eng move lon
gas move bur
ion support apu move nap
kie support mun
lon hold
gol move mar
mid move iri
mun hold
nth move den
nwy move den via convoy
par support gas move bur
pie move mar
rom support apu move nap
ska convoy nwy move den
spa/sc support pie move mar
tri move ven
tyr move mun
tys move nap
ukr move war
vie move tyr
wal support eng move lon
war move sil
yor support lon
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army con
remove gol
remove mar
remove spa/sc
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army tri
remove tys
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg hold
bal support den move kie
bel move hol
ber move pru
boh support tyr move mun
bur move bel
con hold
den move kie
eas hold
eng move lon
gre move tun via convoy
ion convoy gre move tun
iri move lvp
kie support mun
lon move yor
mun support kie
nap move tun via convoy
nth move nrg
par move bur
sil move ber
ska support stp/nc move nwy
stp/nc move nwy
tri move tyr
tun hold
tyr move mun
ven hold
vie move bud
wal support iri move lvp
war move pru
yor move nth
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Germany: army/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
England: army/dislodged lvp
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
kie move ruh
mun disband
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal support sil move ber
bel hold
ber move kie
boh support tyr
bur support bel
con hold
eas move aeg
gre move alb
hol support ber move kie
ion move tys
kie support sil move ber
lon hold
lvp hold
mun support kie
nth convoy yor move nwy
nrg support nth move nwy
nwy move nrg
ruh support ber move kie
sil move ber
ska move nth
tun hold
tyr support boh
wal support lon
war move sil
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Russia: army/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
kie move den
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
remove hol
remove kie
build Fleet mar
build Army par
build Army tri
build Army war
remove yor
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal move den
bel move hol
ber support den move kie
bre move eng
bur move bel
den move kie
ion convoy nap move tun
lon hold
lvp move cly
mar move gol
mun support ber move kie
nap move tun via convoy
nth move nwy
nrg move bar
par move bur
ruh support bur move mun
ska support bal move den
tun hold
tyr support ven move pie
tys support nap move tun
ven move pie
wal move yor
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Italy: army/dislodged tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
tun disband
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bar move stp/nc
bel move ruh
ber support kie
boh move mun
bur move mar
cly move edi
den support ska move nth
eng support lon move nth
hol support bel move ruh
ion move tys
kie support mun
lon move nth
gol move mar
mun move bur
nth move nrg
nwy move stp/nc
ruh support hol move kie
sil support mun
ska move nth
tun hold
tyr hold
tys move wes
yor support cly move edi
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
remove bar
build Fleet bre
build Fleet mar
remove nrg
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/nc
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
alb move nap via convoy
ber support kie
bre move mid
bur move mun
den move hel
edi support lon move nth
eng support lon move nth
hol support ruh
ion move tys
kie support mun move ruh
lon move nth
gol move spa/sc
mar hold
mun move ruh
nwy support ska move nth
pie move mar
ruh support bur move mun
sil support tyr move mun
ska move nth
smy move aeg
stp/nc move bar
tyr move mun
tys move wes
war support sil
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
bar move nrg
ber move kie
bur support ruh
edi support eng move nth
eng move nth
hel support ber move kie
hol hold
ion move tys
kie move den
gol move spa/sc
mid hold
mar hold
mun support kie move ruh
nth move hel
nwy support ska move nth
pie move mar
ruh support hol
sil move ber
ska move nth
tun move spa via convoy
tys move gol
war hold
wes support tys move gol
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ber move kie
bur move mun
den support ber move kie
edi move nth
eng support edi move nth
hel support kie move hol
hol move kie
kie move hol
gol support tun move spa
mid hold
mar hold
mun move bur
nth move hel
nrg support ska move nth
nwy support ska move nth
pie move mar
ska move nth
spa/sc move por
yor move edi
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
France: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
nth move lon
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
ber move kie
bur support ruh move mun
den support ber move kie
edi support lon move nth
eng support lon move nth
hel support kie move hol
hol move kie
ion move tys
kie move hol
lon move nth
gol support wes move spa
mid move wes
mar move gol
mun move ruh
nth support kie move hol
nrg support nth
nwy support nth
pie move mar
por move spa/sc
ruh move mun
tys move wes
wes move spa/sc
yor support edi
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
France: army/dislodged hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Austria: army/dislodged mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
hol move ruh
mun disband
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet stp/nc
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
boh support tyr move mun
bur move bel
den support kie
edi support lon move nth
eng support bur move bel
hel support nwy move nth
hol move ruh
ion move tys
kie support tyr move mun
lon move nth
gol move spa/sc
mid move wes
mar move gol
mun move kie
nth move edi
nrg support nth move edi
nwy move nth
pie move mar
por move spa/sc
ruh support mun move kie
stp/nc move nwy
tri move tyr
tun move naf
tyr move mun
tys move gol
war move sil
wes support gol move spa
yor support edi
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: army naf
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
mun move ber
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: army naf
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
bel support ruh move bur
ber hold
boh support tyr move mun
bud move gal
den move kie
edi support lon move nth
eng support bel
hel support den move kie
hol support nth move bel
ion move tys
kie move ber
lon move nth
gol support wes move spa
mid move wes
mar move gol
mun move bur
naf move spa
nth move bel
nrg move nat
nwy move nrg
pie move mar
por move spa/sc
ruh move bur
sil support kie move ber
stp/nc move nwy
tyr move mun
tys move wes
wes move spa/sc
yor support edi
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
France: army/dislodged ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: army naf
Russia: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
ber move pru
nth move den
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: army naf
Russia: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
remove eng
build Army vie
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: army naf
Russia: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
adr convoy rom move tri
bel support ruh move bur
ber move pru
boh move mun
con move bul
den support hel move nth
edi support nth
gal move boh
hel move nth
hol support mun move ruh
ion move tun
kie support mun move ruh
gol support pie move mar
mid move wes
mar move gol
mun move ruh
nat move iri
nth support edi
nrg move cly
nwy support hel move nth
pie move mar
por move spa/sc
pru move lvn
rom move tri via convoy
ruh move bur
sev hold
sil move war
vie move bud
wes convoy naf move spa
yor support edi
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: army naf
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
France: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
nth move ska
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: army naf
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
bel hold
bur support spa/sc move mar
cly move lvp
den move swe
edi move nrg
hol move bel
iri support cly move lvp
kie move den
lvn hold
gol support naf move spa
mid move nat
mar support naf move spa
mun support ruh move bur
nth support hol move bel
nwy move stp/nc
pru move war
ruh move bur
sev move bla
ska move nwy
spa/sc move mar
tun move naf
tys move tun
war move mos
wes convoy naf move spa
yor move lvp
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army bel
France: army/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Russia: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvn
Russia: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Austria: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: army naf
France: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
bel move pic
bur move par
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Russia: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvn
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: army naf
France: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
build Army sev
remove spa/sc
build Army tri
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Russia: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvn
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: army naf
France: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
bel move pic
bla convoy sev move ank
bul move con
bur support bel move pic
den move kie
gre move bul
iri move eng
lvn move stp
lvp move wal
gol support naf move spa
mar move gas
mos support war move lvn
mun move ruh
nth support stp/nc move nwy
nrg move nth
nwy support lvn move stp
par move bur
pic support par move bur
sev move ank
stp/nc move nwy
swe support stp/nc move nwy
tun move naf
tys move nap
war move lvn
wes convoy naf move spa
yor hold
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Austria: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: army naf
France: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
France: fleet/dislodged nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
nwy move bar
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bar
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Austria: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: army naf
France: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
ank support bla move con
bar support stp
bel move lon via convoy
bla move con
boh move vie
bud move rum
bul hold
bur move par
con move smy
eng convoy bel move lon
gas support bur move par
kie move hol
lvn support mos move stp
gol support naf move spa
mos move stp
nat support yor move lvp
nap move tys
nth support nwy
nrg move edi
nwy support mos move stp
par move bre
pic move par
rom hold
ruh move bel
swe support nwy
tri move ser
tun move ion
tyr move pie
wal support bel move lon
wes convoy naf move spa
yor move lvp
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bar
Austria: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Austria: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
Russia: army lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: army naf
France: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
Austria: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
France: army/dislodged stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
stp move fin
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bar
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
France: army fin
Austria: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
Russia: army lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: army naf
France: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bre
build Army bud
remove pic
build Army sev
build Army tri
remove tun
remove tys
build Army war
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bar
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
France: army fin
Austria: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
Russia: army lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: army naf
France: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank support con
bar move nrg
bul hold
eng move iri
gas support par move bre
hol move yor via convoy
lon support hol move yor
lvn move stp
gol support wes move spa
naf move tun
nat support lvp
nth convoy hol move yor
nwy support lvn move stp
par move bre
pie move mar
sev hold
smy hold
stp move fin
swe support stp move fin
wal support eng move iri
war hold
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Russia: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
Russia: army lon
Russia: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
ank support con
con hold
edi support nrg move nth
fin move swe
gas move bur
iri support yor move lvp
lon move yor
gol move spa/sc
nat support lvp
nth support lon move yor
nrg move nth
nwy support nth
sev hold
spa/sc move por
stp move lvn
swe move ska
wal support yor move lvp
war move pru
yor move lvp
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Russia: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: army lvp
France: army/dislodged lvp
France: supply lvp
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
Turkey: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
lvp disband
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Russia: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
remove nat
remove nrg
build Army war
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Russia: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
ank support con
bul hold
bur move mun
edi hold
iri move nat
lvn move war
lvp move edi
nth move eng
nwy move nrg
por move mid
pru move ber
ska move nth
smy hold
spa/sc support por move mid
swe move den
tun hold
wal move iri
war move ukr
yor support lvp move edi
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: army edi
France: fleet/dislodged edi
France: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
Turkey: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
edi move cly
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: army edi
France: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
Turkey: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
ank support con
ber support den move kie
cly move lvp
con hold
den move kie
edi hold
eng hold
iri support yor move lvp
nat hold
nth move hol
nrg support edi
sev support ukr
ukr support sev
war hold
yor move lvp
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
Turkey: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove cly
build Army mos
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
Turkey: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
