PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move sil
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move wal
mar hold
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move ven
sev move bla
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move pie
vie move gal
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move bla
arm move sev
bot move swe
bul move gre
den hold
edi move nth
gal support sil move war
ion move tun
mid move por
mar move spa
pic move bel
pie hold
ruh move hol
ser support alb move gre
sev move bla
sil move war
stp move nwy
ukr move rum
ven move tyr
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Fleet con
build Fleet kie
build Army mar
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Army par
build Army stp
build Fleet tri
build Army ven
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ank support con move bla
ber move pru
bre move eng
bud support gal move rum
bul move rum
con move bla
den move bal
gal move rum
gre move bul/sc
hol hold
kie move den
lon move nth
mar move bur
mos move war
mun move ruh
nth move hel
nwy move swe
par move pic
pie support ven move tyr
por move mid
rum support ser move bul
ser support gre move bul
sev move bla
spa move mar
stp move lvn
swe move ska
tun move tys
tyr move boh
ven move tyr
war move lvn
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bul move con
rum move ukr
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
arm move rum via convoy
bal hold
bel hold
bla convoy arm move rum
boh move sil
bud support rum
bur support tyr move mun
con move bul
den support bal
eng convoy pic move lon
hel support nth move hol
hol move bel
mid move iri
mar hold
mos support sev
nth move hol
pie hold
pru move lvn
ruh support bel
rum support bul/sc
ser support bul/sc
sev support arm move rum
ska support swe move den
stp move lvn
swe move den
tri move alb
tyr move mun
ukr support arm move rum
war hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army/dislodged hol
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
den disband
hol move kie
rum move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove bal
build Army lon
remove pru
build Army ven
build Army vie
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank hold
bel move hol
bla support rum move bul
bud move rum
bur support mar
con support rum move bul
den support kie
eng convoy pic move wal
gal support bud move rum
hel support hol move kie
hol move kie
iri support pic move wal
kie support hol
lon support wal
mar support bur
mos support stp move lvn
mun support sil move ber
pic move wal via convoy
pie hold
ruh move hol
rum move bul
ser support bul/sc
sev move rum
sil move ber
ska move nth
stp move lvn
ukr support sev move rum
ven move tyr
vie support gal
wal support lon
war hold
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet/dislodged bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bul/sc move aeg
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support ser move bul
ank move con
bel hold
ber support mun move kie
bla support bul
bud support gal move rum
bul hold
bur hold
con move smy
den hold
eng move wal
gal move rum
gre support ser move bul
hel move nth
hol support hel move nth
iri move lvp
kie support ruh
lvn support mos move war
mar support bur
mos move war
mun move kie
nth move edi
pic support bel
pie hold
ruh move mun
ser move bul
sev support ukr move rum
tyr move mun
tys hold
ukr move rum
vie move gal
war move sil
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet bre
remove lon
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
remove ruh
remove sil
build Army stp
build Army ven
remove wal
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre move bul
ank move rum via convoy
bel hold
ber move kie
bla convoy ank move rum
bre move mid
bud support bul move rum
bul move rum
bur support bel
con hold
den hold
edi hold
eng convoy pic move wal
gal support bul move rum
gre move bul/sc
kie move ruh
lvn move mos
lvp move nat
mar hold
mos move ukr
nap move ion
pic move wal via convoy
pie move ven
sev support ank move rum
smy support con
stp move nwy
tyr move mun
tys move tus
ukr move gal
ven move tyr
vie support gal
war support ukr move gal
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
ank move rum via convoy
bel hold
bla convoy ank move rum
bud support gal move rum
bul support gal move rum
bur support bel
den hold
edi move nth
eng support wal move lon
gal move rum
gre support bul
ion move eas
kie support ruh move hol
lvn move pru
mid move nat
mos support ukr
mun move ber
nat move nrg
nwy hold
ruh move hol
sev support ank move rum
smy support con
tus move tys
tyr move mun
ukr support ank move rum
ven move tyr
vie move gal
wal move lon
war move gal
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: army hol
England: fleet/dislodged hol
England: supply hol
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
France: army lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army ven
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
bel hold
ber support mun move sil
bre move eng
bud support gal move rum
bul support gal move rum
bur move pic
den hold
eas support aeg move smy
edi move nth
eng move nth
gal move rum
gre support bul
hol support kie
kie support ber
lon move yor
mar move bur
mos move ukr
mun move sil
nat move cly
nrg support eng move nth
nwy hold
pru move sil
sev move rum
tyr move boh
tys hold
ukr move gal
ven move tyr
vie move gal
war support pru move sil
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army/dislodged smy
Austria: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
ber support mun move sil
boh support mun move sil
bud support rum
bul support rum
cly support nth move edi
den hold
edi move nrg
eng move nth
gre support bul
hol hold
kie move den
mos move war
mun move sil
nth move edi
nrg support eng move nth
nwy hold
pru move sil
rum support vie move gal
sev support ukr move rum
tyr move mun
tys move ion
ukr move rum
vie move gal
war move gal
yor support nth move edi
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army tri
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
ber move pru
boh hold
bre move eng
bud support rum
bul move con
cly move nrg
eas hold
edi move nth
gre move aeg
hol support kie
ion move apu
kie support hol
mun support sil
nth move ska
nrg move bar
rum support vie move gal
sil support ber move pru
smy support bul move con
tri hold
vie move gal
yor move edi
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Turkey: fleet/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army pru
Russia: army/dislodged pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
France: fleet ska
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
France: fleet ska
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
apu move ven
bar move stp/nc
bel hold
boh move sil
bud move vie
bur hold
con move bul
den hold
eas move smy
edi hold
eng move nth
gal support rum
hol hold
kie move den
mos support nwy move stp
mun hold
nth move nwy
nrg support nth move nwy
nwy move stp
pic hold
pru support sil move war
rum hold
sev support ukr move rum
sil move war
ska support kie move den
smy support aeg move con
tri move alb
ukr move rum
war move gal
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Italy: army den
Russia: army/dislodged den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Italy: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
France: fleet ska
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
rum disband
war move ukr
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Italy: army den
Italy: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Italy: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
France: fleet ska
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army nap
build Army par
build Army rom
build Army tri
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Italy: army den
Italy: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Italy: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
France: fleet ska
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
bar support edi move nwy
bel move edi via convoy
bud support gal move rum
bul support gal move rum
bur support pic move bel
con move bla
den move kie
eas hold
edi move nwy via convoy
gal move rum
hol hold
mun hold
nap move rom
nth convoy bel move edi
nrg convoy edi move nwy
nwy move swe
par move pic
pic move bel
pru move lvn
rom move ven
sil move pru
ska support nwy move swe
tri move ser
ven move adr
vie move gal
war support pru move lvn
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
Italy: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
France: supply lon
Italy: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
France: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
bar hold
bel hold
bla support rum move sev
bud move rum
bul move con
bur hold
eas move smy
edi move nwy via convoy
gal move ukr
hol hold
kie support hol
lvn move mos
mos support stp
mun move boh
nth convoy edi move nwy
nrg move nat
nwy move fin
pic hold
pru move sil
rom move ven
rum move sev
ser support bud move rum
sev move rum
stp support mos
swe support nwy move fin
ukr support sev move rum
ven move tyr
war support lvn move mos
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Italy: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: supply edi
France: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
France: supply lon
Italy: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: fleet/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
France: fleet ska
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
France: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
sev move arm
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Italy: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: supply edi
France: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
France: supply lon
Italy: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: army sil
France: fleet ska
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet mar
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Italy: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: supply edi
France: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
France: supply lon
Italy: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: army sil
France: fleet ska
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
adr move apu
alb move tri
bar support nwy move stp
bel hold
bla move ank
boh move mun
bur move mar
con support bla move ank
eas move ion
fin support nwy move stp
gal hold
hol support kie move ruh
kie move ruh
lvn support stp
mar move gol
nat move mid
nth support bel
nwy move stp
pic hold
rum move ukr
ser move bud
sev support rum move ukr
sil move ber
ska hold
swe move nwy
tri move adr
tyr support boh move mun
ven move pie
vie support alb move tri
war move pru
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army/dislodged ank
Austria: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Italy: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: supply kie
France: supply lon
Italy: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: army stp
Russia: supply stp
France: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Italy: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: supply kie
France: supply lon
Italy: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: army stp
Russia: supply stp
France: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
apu move nap
bar support stp
bel support nth move hol
ber move kie
bud move vie
con move bul
fin support stp
gal move sil
hol move bel
ion move tun
lvn move mos
gol move pie
mid move wes
mar move bur
mos move war
mun move bur
nth move hol
nwy move nth
pic support mar move bur
pie support tyr move ven
pru move ber
ruh support mun move bur
sev move mos
ska move den
smy move aeg
stp hold
tri move tyr
tyr move ven
ukr support sev move mos
vie move boh
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
France: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army fin
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
France: supply lon
Italy: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: army stp
France: supply stp
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bre
build Army bud
remove lvn
build Army par
build Fleet tri
remove ven
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
France: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army fin
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: army stp
France: supply stp
France: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank move con
bar support fin move stp
bel move den via convoy
ber support kie
boh move sil
bre move gas
bud move gal
bul move rum
den move bal
fin move stp
hol move hel
ion move tys
kie support ruh
gol convoy mar move naf
mar move naf via convoy
mos support sil move war
mun move bur
nap move rom
nth convoy bel move den
par move bur
pic move bel
pie move mar
ruh support mun move bur
sil move war
stp move lvn
tri move adr
tun support ion move tys
tyr support pie
ukr support sil move war
vie move boh
war hold
wes convoy mar move naf
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: army stp
France: supply stp
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
war disband
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: army stp
France: supply stp
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support hel move kie
bel hold
ber support kie
bur move mar
con move aeg
den support hel move kie
gal move sil
gas move mar
hel move kie
ion support tun
kie hold
lvn move pru
gol support gas move mar
mar move spa
mos support war
naf move tun
nth move hol
par move bur
rom move tus
ruh support kie
rum move sev
sil move pru
tun hold
tyr move pie
tys move wes
ukr support mos
war support sil move pru
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: supply nap
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
France: army stp
France: supply stp
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army tri
build Army ven
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: supply nap
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
France: army stp
France: supply stp
France: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal convoy lvn move kie
bar support stp
bel hold
ber hold
bur move gas
den support lvn move kie
hel support lvn move kie
hol support bel
ion support tun
kie move ruh
lvn move kie via convoy
gol support naf move spa
mar hold
mos support war move lvn
naf move spa via convoy
par move bur
pie move mar
pru support war move lvn
ruh move bur
sev support mos
sil support pru
spa support pie move mar
stp hold
tun support tys
tus move gol
tys support tus move gol
ukr move war
ven move tyr
war move lvn
wes convoy naf move spa
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
Italy: army/dislodged kie
Italy: supply kie
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: supply nap
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
France: army stp
France: supply stp
France: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
kie move mun
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
Italy: supply kie
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: supply nap
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
France: army stp
France: supply stp
France: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
aeg move ion
bal move ber
bar support stp
ber hold
boh support sil move mun
den move kie
gas move par
hel support den move kie
ion move nap
kie support bal move ber
lvn move stp
gol move wes
mar hold
mos support lvn move stp
mun support ruh
naf move tun
par move gas
pie move mar
pru support ber
ruh hold
sev support mos
sil move mun
spa support pie move mar
stp hold
tun support gol move wes
tyr move pie
tys move rom
war move sil
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
Italy: supply kie
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Italy: army/dislodged mun
Italy: supply mun
France: army naf
Austria: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
France: army stp
France: supply stp
France: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun move bur
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: army naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
France: army stp
France: supply stp
France: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove ber
build Army bre
build Army bud
remove bur
remove ruh
remove tun
build Army vie
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: army naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
France: army stp
France: supply stp
France: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
bal move ber
bar support stp
bel move bur
boh move mun
bre support par move gas
bud move tri
den move kie
gas move mar
hel move nth
hol move bel
ion move tun
kie move ruh
lvn support pru
gol support tyr move pie
mar move spa
mun move ber
naf hold
nap move tys
par move gas
pie support vie move tyr
pru support mun move ber
rom support nap move tys
sil support mun move ber
spa support gas move mar
stp hold
tri move ven
tyr move pie
vie move tyr
wes move gol
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Italy: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: army naf
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
France: army stp
France: supply stp
France: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army/dislodged tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
tyr move boh
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: army naf
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
France: army stp
France: supply stp
France: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
bal move den
bar support stp
bel move eng
ber support mun
boh move vie
bre move gas
bur support gas move mar
gas move mar
kie hold
gol move wes
mar support spa
mun support ber
nth move hol
pie move mar
pru support ber
rom support tys
ruh support kie
sev support mos
sil support ber
spa support mar
stp hold
tri move vie
tun support tys
tyr support mun
tys support tun
ven support tyr
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: army naf
Austria: supply nap
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
France: army stp
France: supply stp
France: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
