PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move rum
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move tys
par move bur
rom move ven
sev move arm
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move pie
vie move tri
war move mos
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
arm move bla
bla support bul move rum
bot move swe
bul move rum
bur move mar
con move ank
den move swe
edi move nwy
kie move hol
mid move por
mos move sev
nth convoy edi move nwy
nrg move bar
pie support spa move mar
ruh move bel
rum support tri move ser
spa move mar
tri move ser
tys move tun
ukr support mos move sev
ven move tri
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Fleet kie
build Army lon
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Fleet ven
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank hold
arm support sev
bar support nwy move stp
bel move ruh
ber move pru
bla support bul
bot move swe
bre move eng
bud move tri
bul hold
bur move pic
den move swe
gre hold
hol move kie
kie move bal
lon move nwy
mar move pie
mun move sil
nap move ion
nth convoy lon move nwy
nwy move stp
pie move tyr
por move spa/sc
rum hold
ser support bud move tri
sev support arm
tri support pie move tyr
tun move wes
ukr move mos
ven move adr
vie support bud move tri
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
tri move ven
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tyr move tri
ank move arm
bal move swe
bar support nwy move stp
bla support bul
bul hold
den support bal move swe
eng convoy pic move lon
gre support rum move bul
ion move gre
kie move mun
mos move lvn
nth support ruh move bel
nwy move stp
pic move lon
pie move tyr
pru move war
ruh move bel
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sev move ukr
sil support pru move war
spa/sc hold
stp move lvn
tri hold
tyr move tri
ven support tyr move tri
vie support tri
wes move mid
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
tri move bud
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
build Fleet bre
build Fleet con
build Fleet kie
build Fleet mar
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
bar move nrg
bel move bur
ber move kie
bla move sev
bre move mid
bud support vie move tri
con move aeg
den move nth
eng move lon
gre hold
ion move gre
kie move hol
lon move yor
mid move wes
mos move lvn
mun move boh
nth move edi
nwy move stp
rum hold
ser support vie move tri
sil support war
spa/sc move por
stp move lvn
tri support tyr move vie
tyr support vie move tri
ven support tri
vie move tri
war support stp move lvn
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
tri move alb
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
adr support ven
aeg hold
alb move ser
ank move arm
boh move vie
bud move vie
bul move rum
bur move mun
edi move cly
gre move aeg
hol move nth
ion support aeg move gre
kie move bal
lon move yor
lvn support stp move mos
mid support por move spa/sc
mar move gol
mos move sev
nth move nwy
nrg move nat
por move spa/sc
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sev support bul move rum
sil support war
stp move mos
swe support nth move nwy
tri hold
tyr support tri
ukr support mos move sev
ven hold
war support mos
wes move mid
yor move lvp
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: army lvn
France: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: fleet/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
sev move bla
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
remove alb
build Army ber
remove lvn
build Army mar
remove ukr
build Army vie
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
adr support ven
aeg support bul
arm move sev
bal move bot
ber move pru
bla support arm move sev
boh move gal
bud move gal
bul hold
cly move lvp
gre support ser move bul
ion move tys
lvp move edi
gol support spa/sc move wes
mid support spa/sc move wes
mar move pie
mos hold
mun move tyr
nat support cly move lvp
nth move nrg
nwy move stp/nc
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev move arm
sil move boh
spa/sc move wes
swe move fin
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
ven support mun move tyr
vie hold
war move mos
wes move tys
yor support lvp move edi
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
Italy: fleet/dislodged wes
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
bul move con
sev move ukr
wes move tun
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg support con move bul
bla support con move bul
boh move gal
bot support pru move lvn
bud support vie
bul hold
con move bul
fin move swe
gre support bul
ion move tys
gol move tys
mos move stp
nat move iri
nrg move cly
pie move ven
pru move lvn
rum support bul
sev hold
sil support war
tri support pie move ven
tun support ion move tys
tyr support pie move ven
ukr move war
ven support tyr move tri
vie hold
war support boh move gal
wes support gol move tys
yor move nth
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ven move rom
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove adr
build Army mar
remove mos
build Army mun
build Army par
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
bla support con move bul
bot move swe
bud support rum
bul support rum
cly support edi move lvp
con move bul
edi move lvp
gal move ukr
gre support bul
ion move tys
iri support lvp
lvn move mos
lvp hold
gol move tys
mid move iri
mar move bur
mun move boh
par move pic
rom move ven
rum hold
sev move rum
sil move gal
stp/nc move nwy
swe move ska
tri hold
tun support ion move tys
tyr support mun move boh
ven move rom
vie support tri
war support lvn move mos
wes support gol move tys
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: army/dislodged bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
England: fleet/dislodged lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bul move ser
lvp disband
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support bul
bla support bul
boh support gal move vie
bud support rum
bul hold
bur move mun
cly move nat
gal move vie
gre support ser move bul
ion move tys
iri move eng
lvp hold
gol move tys
mid move naf
mos support ukr move sev
nth move hol
nwy move nrg
pic move bel
rom move ven
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev move rum
ska move nth
swe move bal
tri support vie
tun support ion move tys
tyr support gal move vie
ukr move sev
ven move rom
vie hold
war move gal
wes support gol move tys
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Turkey: army/dislodged sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
sev move arm
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bre
remove eng
build Fleet mar
build Army par
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support bul move gre
arm move sev
bal move den
bel move ruh
bla support arm move sev
boh move sil
bre move pic
bud move vie
bul move gre
gal move bud
gre support ser move bul
hol move kie
ion support tun
lvp move edi
gol move tys
mar move pie
mos support sev
mun move ber
naf move tun
nat move cly
nth move eng
nrg move edi
par move bur
rom move ven
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev support bul move rum
tri support bud move vie
tun hold
tyr support vie
ven support mar move pie
vie support gal move bud
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Austria: fleet/dislodged gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bud move ser
gre move alb
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support arm move bul
alb move gre
arm move bul
ber support bur move mun
bla convoy arm move bul
bud support tyr move tri
bul support alb move gre
bur move mun
cly move lvp
den move kie
eng move bre
gre support arm move bul
ion support tun move tys
kie support ber
lvp move edi
mos support sev
naf move tun
nrg move edi
pic move bre
pie move tus
rom move ven
ruh support bur move mun
rum support ser move bud
ser move bud
sev support bla move rum
sil move mun
tri support ser move bud
tun move tys
tyr move tri
tys move rom
ven support tys move rom
vie support tyr move tri
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Germany: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army/dislodged rom
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bud move gal
bul move con
rom disband
tri move ser
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: fleet cly
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove alb
build Fleet bre
build Fleet mar
remove nrg
build Army par
remove tys
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: fleet cly
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move con
ber support mun move sil
bla move rum
bre move mid
bud move tri
bul support gre move ser
cly move edi
con support rum move bul
den move hel
eng move bel
gal support tri move bud
gre move ser
ion move nap
kie move bal
lvp move edi
mar move gol
mos support sev
mun move sil
par move bur
pic move bel
ruh move kie
rum move bul
ser support bud move tri
sev support bla move rum
sil move mun
tri move bud
tun move ion
tus support wes move tys
ven move tri
vie support tri move bud
wes move tys
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: fleet rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
France: army sil
Germany: army/dislodged sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: fleet tys
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
rum move ukr
sil move war
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
bal move swe
ber move kie
bud support gal move rum
bul move rum
bur move mun
cly move nrg
con move ank
eng move bre
gal move rum
gre move bul
hel move kie
kie move den
lvp move edi
gol move wes
mid move bre
mos move ukr
nap move ion
pic move bel
rom support tys move nap
rum move bla
ser support ukr move rum
sev support gal move rum
sil move pru
tri move vie
tus move tys
tys move nap
ukr move rum
vie support bud
war support mos move ukr
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Austria: supply con
France: army den
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: fleet/dislodged nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
France: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Austria: army/dislodged ukr
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
nap move apu
ukr move gal
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
