PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move pie
mos move sev
mun move sil
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move apu
sev move rum
smy move ank
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven hold
vie move bud
war hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb support ser move gre
apu move ven
bot move swe
bud move ser
con move aeg
den move swe
ion move tun
kie move hol
mid move por
nth convoy yor move nwy
nrg move bar
pic move bel
pie hold
rum hold
ser move gre
sev move ukr
sil hold
ven move tus
war hold
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Army lon
build Fleet mar
build Army mun
build Fleet rom
build Fleet smy
build Army stp
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul
alb support gre
ank move con
bar support lon move nwy
ber move pru
bot move swe
bre move mid
bud move ser
bul support ank move con
den move swe
gre support ser move bul
lon move nwy via convoy
mar move gol
mun move boh
nth convoy lon move nwy
nwy move fin
por move spa/sc
rom move tys
rum hold
ser move bul
sil support ber move pru
smy move eas
stp move nwy
tri hold
tun move wes
tus move pie
ukr move mos
ven support tus move pie
war hold
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army/dislodged pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
pie move mar
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
alb move ion
bar support fin move stp
boh move gal
bot move swe
bul support rum
con support bul
den move swe
eas move ion
fin move stp
gre support ser move bul
hol hold
gol support spa/sc move wes
mid support spa/sc move wes
mos support stp
nth hold
nwy support fin move stp
pie hold
pru support sil move war
ser move bul
sil move war
spa/sc move wes
stp move nwy
tri move adr
tys support alb move ion
ven support pie
war hold
wes move tun
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: army stp
Russia: army/dislodged stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
stp move lvn
war move ukr
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet lon
remove lvn
remove mos
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move apu
aeg move gre
alb move ion
bar move stp/nc
bel hold
ber move pru
bot move swe
bud move tri
bul support aeg move gre
con support bul
den hold
eas move ion
gal move ukr
gre support ser move bul
hol hold
lon move nth
gol move tys
mid move wes
mar hold
nth move hel
nwy support stp move fin
pie support ven
pru move lvn
rum move sev
ser move bul
stp move fin
tun support tys
tys support adr move ion
ukr move mos
ven support pie
war move mos
wes support gol move tys
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Germany: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
alb move ion
apu support tri move ven
bul hold
con support bul
den move kie
eas move ion
fin support nwy move swe
gal move ukr
gre support ser move bul
hel move den
hol move kie
lvn move mos
gol support wes move tys
mid move iri
mar move pie
nth support hel move den
nwy move swe
pie support ven
pru move ber
ser move bul
sev move rum
stp/nc hold
swe hold
tri move ven
tun support tys
tys support tun
ukr move mos
ven support pie
war support gal move ukr
wes move tys
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Russia: army/dislodged ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
den move ska
swe move bal
ukr move sev
ven disband
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet lon
build Fleet lvp
build Fleet tri
remove ukr
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb support gre
apu move nap
bal move swe
ber move kie
bul support aeg move gre
con support bul
den support lon move nth
fin move stp
gre support ser
hol move kie
ion move nap
iri move eng
lon move nth
lvn move mos
lvp move iri
gol move tys
mar move pie
nth move hel
pie move tus
rum move bla
ser hold
sev move mos
ska support bal move swe
stp/nc move nwy
swe support den
tri move adr
tun support tys move wes
tys move wes
ven hold
war support lvn move mos
wes support gol move tys
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army/dislodged swe
Russia: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
France: fleet/dislodged wes
ORDERS
swe move fin
wes move gol
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg support bul move gre
alb support adr move ion
apu move nap
ber move kie
bla move ank
bul move gre
con move bul
den support fin move swe
eng move lon
fin move swe
gre support ser
hel move hol
hol support ber move kie
ion support bul move gre
iri move mid
gol move spa/sc
mos support war move lvn
nth support hel move hol
nwy support fin move swe
ser hold
ska move den
stp support nwy
swe hold
tun hold
tus move rom
tys move rom
ven hold
war move lvn
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army/dislodged hol
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
hol move ruh
ion move eas
swe move bot
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
remove tus
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move con
alb support ion move gre
bot move bal
bre move mid
bud move rum
bul support gre
den move kie
eas move smy
gre support bul
hol support den move kie
ion move gre
kie move den
lvn support mos move stp
gol move wes
mid support wes move spa
mos move stp
nap move ion
nth move den
nwy support stp
ruh move hol
ser support bud move rum
sev hold
ska support kie move den
stp hold
swe support nth move den
tun hold
tys move rom
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb hold
bal move ber
bel move lon via convoy
bre move mid
con move bla
den support swe
hol move bel
ion move tun
kie support ruh
lon move nth
lvn move stp
mid move por
mos support lvn move stp
nap move tys
nth support hol move bel
nwy support stp
pie hold
rom hold
ruh support kie
rum hold
ser support rum
sev hold
ska support bal move swe
smy move con
spa/sc move mar
stp hold
swe support den
tun hold
ven hold
wes move tun
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army lvp
remove mid
remove ska
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move con
ber hold
bla move ank
bud move gal
bul support gre
con support bla move ank
den move hel
gre support bul
hol support den move hel
ion support tys move tun
kie support ruh move hol
lvn move pru
lvp move wal
mar support por move spa
mos hold
nth support hol
nwy support stp
por move spa/sc
ruh move hol
rum move ukr
ser move tri
sev move mos
stp support sev move mos
swe move den
tun hold
tys move tun
ven move tyr
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Russia: fleet/dislodged ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Germany: army/dislodged mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Italy: fleet/dislodged tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move arm
mos move war
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move arm
arm move sev
bul move con
con move bla
den move kie
gal move ukr
gre move bul
hel support den move kie
hol support den move kie
ion support tun
kie move ber
mar support spa/sc
mos hold
nth support wal move lon
nwy support stp
pru support kie move ber
ruh move kie
spa/sc hold
tri move vie
tun hold
tyr move mun
ukr move sev
wal move lon
war move mos
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Russia: fleet/dislodged ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
France: fleet/dislodged lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move bal
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove arm
build Army bud
build Army edi
build Fleet lvp
remove pru
remove ruh
build Fleet smy
build Army tri
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
England: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move ion
ank move arm
bal move swe
ber hold
bla move sev
bud hold
bul move gre
con move smy
edi move bel via convoy
gal move ukr
hel move den
hol support edi move bel
ion move nap
kie support hel move den
lon move wal
lvp move iri
mar hold
mos hold
mun hold
nth convoy edi move bel
nwy move swe
smy move aeg
spa/sc support mar
stp hold
tri move ven
tun move tys
ukr move war
vie move boh
war hold
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
France: army/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
England: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
England: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
arm move bla
bal move swe
ber support mun move kie
boh move sil
bud move gal
den move swe
gal support ukr move war
gre move bul
hol support kie
ion move tys
iri move mid
kie hold
mos move sev
mun hold
nap support ven move rom
nth move eng
nwy move swe
smy move arm
stp hold
tys move gol
ukr move war
ven move rom
war support ukr move mos
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
France: fleet/dislodged rom
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Germany: army/dislodged war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
war disband
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
build Army lon
build Fleet lvp
remove mos
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move sev
bal move swe
bel move bur
ber hold
bla move con
bul move rum
con move bul
den support kie
eng convoy wal move bre
hol move nth
kie support ber
lvp move iri
gol move wes
mid move naf
mar support spa/sc
mun support sil move ber
nap move ion
nwy move swe
rom move tus
sev move bla
sil move ber
spa/sc hold
stp move mos
tri move tyr
tys support nap move ion
vie move boh
wal move bre via convoy
war move pru
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ion move gre
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move swe
ber hold
boh support mun
bre move par
bud move ser
bul move con
bur move ruh
con move aeg
den support kie
eng move bre
gal move bud
gre move ion
ion move tun
iri move mid
kie support ber
lon move hol via convoy
gol support tys move wes
mar support spa/sc
mun hold
naf move tun
nth convoy lon move hol
nwy move swe
pru support sil move ber
rum move ukr
sev support rum move ukr
sil move ber
spa/sc support wes
tus move pie
tyr support tus move pie
tys move wes
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: army/dislodged pie
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bal
build Army edi
build Fleet lon
build Army lvp
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
ber hold
bla move rum
boh support mun
bre move mid
bud move gal
con move ank
den move bal
edi move den via convoy
gre move aeg
hol support kie
ion move tun
kie support ber
lon move eng
lvp move wal
gol support pie move mar
mid move wes
mar support spa/sc move gol
mos move war
mun hold
naf support mid move wes
nth convoy edi move den
nwy move bar
par move bur
pie move mar
pru move ber
ruh support par move bur
ser move tri
sev move mos
sil move pru
spa/sc move gol
tyr move pie
tys support ion move tun
ukr support sev move mos
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
England: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
England: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move arm
bal support ber
bar move stp/nc
ber hold
boh support mun
bur support mar
den move swe
eng convoy wal move bel
gal move war
hol support kie
kie support ruh move mun
gol support tys move wes
mid support wes
mar support spa/sc move gol
mos move lvn
naf move tun
nth move nwy
pie move mar
pru support sil move ber
ruh move mun
rum move bla
sil move ber
spa/sc move gol
tri move ven
tun support tys move wes
tyr support mun
tys move wes
ukr support gal move war
wal move bel via convoy
war move mos
wes support spa/sc move gol
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move sev
ber hold
bla support arm move sev
boh support mun
bur support mar
eng move mid
lvn support ukr move mos
gol support tys move wes
mid move wes
mar support wes move gol
mos move sev
mun support pru move ber
naf support wes move tun
pie move mar
pru move ber
sil support pru move ber
spa/sc move gol
tun support tys move wes
tyr support mun
tys move wes
ukr move mos
ven hold
war support ukr move mos
wes move tun
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
England: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
Austria: fleet/dislodged tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
tun move ion
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
England: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bal convoy swe move pru
bel move ruh
ber hold
bla move con
boh support mun
bur support mar
con move aeg
eng move mid
hol support kie
ion move tys
kie support ruh move mun
lvn move stp
gol support tys move wes
mid move wes
mar hold
mos support lvn move stp
mun hold
naf support tun
nwy support stp/nc
pie support mar
ruh move mun
sev move ukr
sil support ber
spa/sc support mid move wes
stp/nc hold
swe move pru via convoy
tun support mid move wes
tyr support mun
tys move wes
ven move tus
war move pru
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet lon
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support ion
ank move arm
bal convoy swe move ber
bel move pic
ber move kie
boh move sil
bur support mar
hol support kie
ion support tys
kie support swe move ber
lon move nth
lvn move stp
gol support pie move mar
mid move spa/sc
mar support wes move gol
mos support lvn move stp
mun hold
naf move tun
nwy support stp/nc
pie move mar
ruh move mun
sil move pru
spa/sc move gol
stp/nc hold
swe move ber via convoy
tun move tys
tyr support mun
tys hold
wes support tun move tys
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
Austria: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support ion
arm move sev
bal support ber
ber support kie move mun
bur support kie move mun
hol move kie
ion support tys
kie move mun
lvn support mos
gol hold
mid move wes
mar support wes move gol
mos support lvn
mun support sil move ber
naf support tun
nwy support stp/nc
pic move par
pie hold
pru support sil move ber
ruh support kie move mun
sil move ber
spa/sc support wes move gol
stp/nc hold
tun support mid move wes
tus support pie
tyr support mun
tys support gol
war move sil
wes move gol
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
Austria: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
Austria: army/dislodged mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun move boh
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
build Army lon
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support ion
bal move bot
ber hold
boh hold
bur support mun
edi move nrg
ion support tys
kie support ber
lvn support mos move stp
gol support mar move pie
mar move pie
mos move stp
mun hold
naf support tun
nwy support stp/nc
par move gas
pie hold
pru hold
ruh support mun
sil hold
spa/sc move mar
stp/nc hold
tun support wes move tys
tus support pie
tyr hold
tys hold
war support pru
wes move tys
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move eas
ber hold
boh hold
bot move lvn
bur support mun
con move aeg
gas move mar
kie support ber
lon move den via convoy
lvn support mos move stp
gol move tys
mar hold
mos move stp
mun hold
naf support tun
nth convoy lon move den
nwy support stp/nc
pie hold
pru hold
ruh support mun
sev move ukr
sil hold
spa/sc support gas move mar
stp/nc hold
tun hold
tus support pie
tyr hold
tys hold
ukr move gal
war support pru
wes support gol move tys
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: army mar
Italy: fleet/dislodged mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Austria: fleet/dislodged tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
mar disband
tys move rom
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
