PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move bal
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move nap
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven hold
vie move tri
war hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move bla
bal move swe
bot move swe
bul move rum
con move bul
edi move nwy via convoy
ion convoy nap move tun
kie move den
nap move tun
nth support pic move bel
nrg convoy edi move nwy
pic move bel
ruh move hol
ser support alb move gre
sev move rum
tri hold
ukr support sev move rum
ven hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Army edi
build Fleet kie
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet sev
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
bal support den move swe
bel hold
bla move sev
bot move swe
bre move mid
bud move tri
bul hold
con move smy
den move swe
edi move hol via convoy
gre support ser move bul
ion move aeg
kie move den
mid move nat
mun move sil
nap move ion
nth convoy edi move hol
nrg move bar
nwy move stp
par move pic
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev move bla
spa move por
tri move tyr
tun move naf
ukr hold
ven hold
vie move boh
war move lvn
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bul move con
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
arm move sev
bar move stp/nc
bla support arm move sev
boh move gal
bot move swe
bul support gre
con move bul
den support bal move swe
edi move lvp
gre support bul
ion support aeg move gre
lvn move war
mid convoy naf move lvp
naf move lvp
nat convoy naf move lvp
nth move nwy
rum support sev
sev support rum
sil move mun
smy hold
stp move mos
swe move nwy
tri move ven
tyr support tri move ven
ukr move mos
ven hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: fleet/dislodged gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gre move alb
ven move pie
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bot
build Fleet bre
build Army kie
build Fleet lvp
remove smy
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb support bul move gre
arm move sev
bal move bot
bar move nrg
bla support arm move sev
bre move eng
bul move gre
con move bul
den move ska
edi move lvp
gal move bud
gre move ion
hol hold
ion move tys
kie move den
lvp move iri
mid support bre move eng
naf move tun
nat move iri
nth move eng
pic support bel
pie move tus
rum support sev move bla
sev move bla
stp move nwy
swe move nwy
tri move adr
tyr move ven
ukr move sev
ven move rom
war move mos
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Turkey: fleet/dislodged bla
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bla move con
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
alb move gre
arm move ank
bla move con
bot move stp/sc
bud move ser
bul hold
con support bul
den move nwy via convoy
edi move lvp
eng convoy pic move wal
gre move bul
hol hold
ion convoy tun move nap
lvp move iri
mid move iri
mos move stp
mun move kie
nat move lvp
nth move lon
nrg support stp move nwy
pic move wal via convoy
por move spa
rom support ven
rum support gre move bul
ska convoy den move nwy
stp move nwy
swe support den move nwy
tun move nap
tus support tys move rom
tys move rom
ukr move sev
ven support rom
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet smy
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr convoy tri move apu
ank hold
bla move arm
bot move stp/sc
bul move con
con move bla
den move swe
edi move lvp
eng support wal move lon
gre move ion
hol move ruh
kie move den
lon support lvp move wal
lvp move wal
mid move iri
mos move lvn
nat support mid move iri
nap move rom
nrg move nat
rom support tri move apu
rum move bla
ser move gre
sev move mos
ska support swe move nwy
smy move aeg
spa move gas
stp move nwy
swe move nwy
tri move apu via convoy
tus support nap move rom
ven support rom
vie move tyr
wal move lon
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Russia: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
England: fleet/dislodged lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
lon move nth
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Russia: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg support con move bul
ank hold
apu support rom move nap
arm support rum move bla
bot move lvn
bul support gre
con move bul/ec
eng support lon
gas move bur
gre support bul
ion move tun
iri support nat move lvp
lvn move stp
lvp support wal
mos support lvn move stp
nat move lvp
nap move rom
nth move hol
nrg support stp move nwy
nwy hold
rom move nap
ruh move hol
rum move bla
ska support nwy
stp move nwy
swe move fin
tus support nap move rom
tyr move ven
ven move rom
wal support lvp
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Russia: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army bre
remove lvp
remove nrg
build Fleet tri
remove tus
build Army war
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Russia: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
ank hold
apu move nap
arm move ank
bel move bur
ber move mun
bla move con
bul support bla move con
bur move mar
con support aeg move bul
den move kie
eng support lon
fin move stp
gre support bul
ion move aeg
iri move lvp
lvn support fin move stp
mos support stp
nat support iri move lvp
nap hold
nth move hol
nwy support fin move stp
rom support apu move nap
ruh move hol
ska move nth
stp hold
tri move adr
tun move wes
tyr move tri
ven move pie
wal move lvp
war move lvn
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Austria: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg support con move bul
ank hold
arm move ank
bla support arm move ank
bre move pic
bul support gre
con move bul/sc
eng support lon
fin support lvn move stp
gre support bul
ion move eas
kie move ber
lvn move stp/sc
mos support stp
mun move boh
nat move nrg
nap hold
nth support wal move lon
nwy support lvn move stp
pie hold
rom move tus
ruh move hol
ska move den
stp hold
tri move ven
wal move lon
war move lvn
wes move mid
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army/dislodged ank
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move smy
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove aeg
build Fleet bre
build Army mun
remove nth
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank support bla move con
ber hold
bla move con
boh move mun
bul support bla move con
con move ank
den move nth
eas move aeg
eng move mid
fin move stp
gre move ser
hol move bel
ion move tys
lvn move pru
mid move spa/sc
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nap move rom
nrg move edi
nwy support fin move stp
pie move mar
smy support con move ank
stp/sc move bot
tus move ven
ven move tyr
vie support ven move tyr
wal move lon
war move sil
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Russia: fleet/dislodged ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support con move smy
ank support smy move con
bel move hol
ber hold
bla move con
bot support nwy move stp
bre move mid
bul support bla move con
con move smy
mid move por
mos move stp
mun support ber
nth move den
nwy move stp
pic move bel
pie move mar
pru support sil move ber
rom move tus
ruh support mun
ser move bud
sil move ber
smy move con
spa/sc support pie move mar
stp move lvn
tyr move pie
tys move wes
ven support vie move tyr
vie move tyr
wal move lon
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
France: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
mar move gas
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove edi
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
remove wal
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move smy
ank hold
ber move pru
bla support con move ank
bot move bal
bud move gal
bul move con
bur move mar
con move ank
den support bot move bal
gas support mid move spa
hol move kie
lvn support ber move pru
lvp move iri
mid move spa/sc
mar support pie
mun move ber
pie support mar
por support mid move spa
pru move war
ruh move mun
sil move gal
smy support ank
spa/sc support wes move mid
stp move mos
tri move adr
tus move ven
tyr move boh
ven move tyr
vie support tyr move boh
wes move mid
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Austria: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
spa/sc move gol
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg support con move smy
arm move ank
bal support pru
bel move pic
ber support mun
bla move sev
boh support sil move mun
bud support vie move gal
bur support gas move mar
con move smy
gas move mar
iri move mid
kie support mun
lvn move mos
gol support mar
mid move bre
mar hold
mos move sev
mun hold
pie support mar
por support spa/sc
pru move war
sil move mun
smy support arm move ank
spa/sc support gas move mar
stp support lvn move mos
tyr support sil move mun
ven move apu
vie move gal
war support mos
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Austria: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: army smy
Turkey: army/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mos move ukr
smy move syr
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Austria: fleet bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove arm
remove syr
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Austria: fleet bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank move arm
apu move ven
bal move pru
ber support mun
bla support ukr move sev
boh move sil
bre move gas
bud move vie
bur support gas
den move bal
gal support sil move war
gas support pic move bre
ion move tys
kie support mun
gol move spa/sc
mid move eng
mar support bre move gas
mos support pru move war
mun hold
pic move bre
pie support mar
por support spa/sc
pru move war
sil move war
smy move con
spa/sc support por
stp support mos
tri move adr
tyr move boh
ukr move sev
war move ukr
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
Austria: fleet/dislodged bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bre move mid
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
bal support kie move ber
ber move pru
bla move rum
boh support gal move sil
bur move mar
con move bul
den move nth
eng move iri
gal move sil
gas support spa/sc
ion move tys
kie move ber
gol support mar
mid move nat
mar support spa/sc
mos support pru move war
mun hold
pie support mar
por support spa/sc
pru move war
sev move mos
sil move war
spa/sc support por
stp support mos
tyr move mun
tys move wes
ukr support sil move war
ven move tus
vie move gal
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bul
build Army par
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move bot
ber move sil
boh support sil move mun
gal move war
gas support spa/sc
ion move tun
iri move mid
kie support mun
gol support mar
mar support bur
mos hold
mun hold
nat support wes move mid
nth move nrg
pie support mar
por support spa/sc
pru move war
sev support war move mos
sil move mun
stp support mos
tus move ven
tyr support sil move mun
tys move wes
ukr support war move mos
war move mos
wes move mid
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Germany: army/dislodged mos
Germany: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
mos move lvn
mun move ber
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move mun
boh support tyr move mun
bot move stp/sc
bur move mar
gal support ukr move war
gas support spa/sc
iri move mid
kie support ber move mun
lvn support stp move mos
gol support mar move spa
mid move gas
mar move spa
mos support ukr move war
mun move bur
nat move lvp
pie move mar
por support spa/sc
pru support sil move war
sev support mos
sil move war
spa/sc support bur move mar
stp move mos
tun move naf
tyr move mun
ukr move war
ven move pie
wes support mar move spa
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Austria: fleet lvp
Austria: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bot
build Army bud
remove par
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Austria: fleet lvp
Austria: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move bla
ber move kie
boh support gal move sil
bud move gal
gal move sil
kie move hol
lvn support sil move war
lvp move wal
gol support pie move mar
mid move eng
mun support gal move sil
naf move mid
nrg move edi
pie move mar
pru support sil move war
rum move bul/ec
sev support mos
sil move war
spa support pie move mar
stp move mos
tri move adr
tyr support mun
ukr support war
ven move pie
vie move tyr
war support gal move sil
wes support spa
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Austria: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Austria: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
bla move con
boh move sil
bul/ec hold
eng support wal move lon
gal support ukr move war
gas support por move spa
hol move bel
kie support pru move ber
lvn support war
gol move wes
mid move por
mar support spa
mos move lvn
mun move ber
pie support mar
por move spa/sc
pru move ber
sev support mos
sil move pru
spa support mid move por
stp move mos
tyr move mun
ukr move war
vie move tyr
wal move lon
war support stp move mos
wes move mid
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Austria: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army/dislodged lon
Austria: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Austria: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
Austria: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Austria: fleet lon
Austria: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Austria: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
Austria: fleet por
Austria: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bur
remove iri
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Austria: fleet lon
Austria: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Austria: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
Austria: fleet por
Austria: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber hold
bre support gas
bul/ec move con
con move aeg
edi move cly
eng support mid move bre
gal move boh
gas support bre
ion move tys
kie support ber
lon move nth
lvn move pru
mid move bre
mar support spa move gas
mos support war move lvn
mun move bur
pie move tyr
por move mid
pru support war move lvn
sev support mos
sil support tyr move mun
spa move gas
stp move lvn
tri move adr
tyr move mun
vie move gal
war move lvn
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army/dislodged bre
Austria: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Austria: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gas
France: army/dislodged gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Austria: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Austria: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Austria: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bre move pic
gas move par
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Austria: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Austria: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Austria: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Austria: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Austria: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move alb
aeg move ion
bel move hol
ber move kie
boh support tyr move mun
bur support eng move bel
cly move lvp
con move smy
eng move bel
gas support bre
kie move den
lvn support mos move stp
mid move eng
mos move stp
mun move ber
nth move edi
par support pic
pic support par
pru support mun move ber
sev move ukr
sil support mun move ber
spa/sc move mid
stp move nwy
tyr move mun
tys move ion
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet bel
Austria: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Austria: fleet bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet edi
Austria: supply edi
Austria: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Austria: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
