PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mos move ukr
mun move bur
nap move ion
rom move ven
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move pie
vie move tri
war move sil
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move bla
bot move swe
bul move rum
bur move mun
con move bul
den hold
eng move bel
ion move tun
kie move ber
nth convoy yor move nwy
pie move mar
ser support bul move rum
sev move rum
sil hold
ukr support sev move rum
ven hold
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Fleet lvp
build Fleet rom
build Army smy
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move pic
ber move sil
bla support bul move rum
bud support bul move rum
bul move rum
con move bul
den support nwy move swe
kie move hol
lon move eng
lvp move iri
mun support ber move sil
nth move nwy
nwy move swe
pie support ven
rom move tys
ser move tri
sev support ukr move rum
sil hold
smy move arm
stp/nc hold
swe hold
tri move tyr
tun move wes
ukr move rum
ven hold
vie move gal
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army/dislodged sil
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
sil move pru
swe move bal
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move sev
bal move den
bla support arm move sev
bul support rum
den support swe
eng support pic move bre
gal move ukr
gre move ion
hol hold
iri move mid
mun hold
nwy support swe
pic move bre
pie support ven
pru support ukr move war
rum support arm move sev
sev move bla
sil move ber
stp/nc move nwy
swe support nwy
tri move ven
tyr support tri move ven
tys move ion
ukr move war
ven hold
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
France: fleet/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet con
build Fleet edi
build Army kie
build Fleet lvp
build Fleet nap
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move sev
ber hold
bla convoy ank move sev
bre move gas
bud move ser
bul support rum
con move aeg
den move bal
edi move nrg
eng move bre
gre move alb
hol move ruh
kie support ber
lvp move iri
mid move spa/sc
mun hold
nap move ion
pie support ven
pru move sil
rum support ank move sev
sev move mos
spa/sc hold
stp/nc move bar
swe move fin
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
tys move gol
ukr support sev move mos
ven hold
war move lvn
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
England: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move adr
bal move lvn
bar hold
ber move sil
bla move con
bre move eng
bul move rum
fin move stp
gas support mid move spa
ion move adr
iri move mid
lvn hold
gol support spa/sc
mid move spa/sc
mos move stp
nrg move nat
nwy support fin move stp
pie support ven
ruh move bur
rum move ukr
ser move gre
sev move mos
sil hold
spa/sc hold
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
ukr move war
ven hold
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
remove bar
build Army lon
remove lvn
remove sil
build Fleet smy
build Army vie
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support smy move eas
alb support aeg move ion
bal hold
ber move pru
bur support mar
con move bul/sc
eng convoy lon move pic
gas move spa/nc
ion move adr
iri hold
kie move ber
lon move pic
gol support spa/sc
mid move wes
mos support sev move ukr
nat move mid
nwy support stp
pie support ven
rum support ukr move gal
sev move ukr
smy move eas
spa/sc hold
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
ukr move gal
ven hold
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
England: fleet gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ven
aeg move gre
alb support aeg move ion
bal move ber
ber move pru
bul/sc support aeg move gre
bur move par
eas move ion
eng support iri move mid
gal move bud
gas move spa/nc
iri move mid
gol move mar
mid move por
mos support ukr move war
pic support bur move par
pie support gol move mar
pru move lvn
rum move ser
spa/sc move por
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
ukr move war
ven hold
vie support tri
wes move tun
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army/dislodged mar
Italy: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: army/dislodged par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Austria: army/dislodged war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
war move gal
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: fleet gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
remove alb
build Army ank
build Army con
remove gal
build Army kie
build Army lon
build Fleet smy
remove tyr
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
ank move arm
ber move bal
bud support ser
bul/sc move aeg
con move bul
eng convoy lon move bre
gas move spa/nc
gre move alb
ion support gre move alb
iri move mid
kie move ber
lon move bre
lvn support pru move war
mid move wes
mar support spa/sc
mos support war
nwy support stp
par move bur
pic move bur
pie support mar
pru move war
ser support bud
smy move eas
spa/sc hold
stp support lvn move mos
tri support vie
tun support mid move wes
ven move tri
vie support tri
war support mos
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
aeg support eas move ion
alb support ion move adr
arm move sev
bal move kie
ber move sil
bre move gas
bud move gal
bul move ser
eas move ion
gas move spa/nc
ion move adr
lvn move mos
mid support gas move spa
mar support spa/sc
mos support war
nwy support stp
pic move bur
pie support mar
pru move war
ser move bud
spa/sc move por
stp support lvn move mos
tri support vie
ven move tri
vie support tri
war support mos
wes support gas move spa
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Italy: fleet/dislodged adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Turkey: army/dislodged mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move apu
mos move ukr
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet lvp
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ser move tri
aeg move ion
alb support ser move tri
apu move nap
bud move vie
bur move mar
eng move mid
gal support bud move vie
gas support bur move mar
ion move tys
lvp move iri
mid move wes
mar hold
mos hold
mun move boh
pie support mar
por move mid
pru move war
ser move tri
sev support war move mos
sil support pru move war
spa/nc move por
stp support mos
tri move bud
tun support wes move tys
ukr support war move mos
ven hold
vie support tri move bud
war move mos
wes move tys
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Germany: army/dislodged mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
mos move lvn
vie move tyr
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri
aeg support ion
alb support tri
ber move pru
boh move vie
bud support boh move vie
bur move mar
eng support iri move mid
gal support vie
gas support bur move mar
iri move mid
lvn move mos
mar support por move spa
mos support ukr
nap hold
pie support mar
por move spa/sc
sev support mos
sil support war
spa/nc move por
stp support lvn move mos
tri support vie
tun support wes move tys
tyr support boh move vie
tys move rom
ukr support mos
ven move rom
vie support gal
war hold
wes move tys
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
remove tyr
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ion move apu
aeg move ion
alb support aeg move ion
boh move vie
bur move gas
con move bul
eng hold
gal support vie
gas move spa
ion move apu
lvn move mos
mid move naf
mar hold
mos hold
nap support tys move ion
nwy support stp
par move bur
pie support ven
por hold
pru support war
sev support mos
sil move gal
spa/nc move mid
stp support lvn move mos
tri support vie
tun support tys move ion
tys move ion
ukr support mos
ven hold
vie support gal
war hold
wes move tys
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr move alb
aeg move eas
alb move gre
apu move adr
boh move vie
bud move gal
bul move ser
bur move mun
eng move mid
gal move bud
gas support spa
ion move eas
lvn move mos
mid move wes
mar move gol
mos support ukr
naf move tun
nap move apu
nwy support stp
pie support ven
por hold
pru support war
sev support mos
sil support war
stp support lvn move mos
tri support gal move bud
tun move ion
tys support tun move ion
ukr support mos
ven hold
vie support gal move bud
war hold
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bud move rum
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg move eas
alb move gre
apu support tun move ion
boh move vie
bud move rum
gas support wes move spa
gre move aeg
ion move nap
lvn move mos
gol move wes
mid support spa move por
mos support ukr
mun move tyr
naf move wes
nwy support stp
pie support ven
por hold
pru support war
rum move bul
ser move bul
sev support mos
sil support war
spa move por
stp support lvn move mos
tri move vie
tun support naf move wes
tys move rom
ukr support mos
ven hold
vie move gal
war hold
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: army por
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
England: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support eas move ion
aeg support eas move ion
apu hold
boh move vie
bud move vie
eas move ion
gal move rum
gre move bul/sc
lvn move mos
gol hold
mos support ukr
pie hold
pru support war
ser support gal move rum
sev support mos
sil support war
tri support bud move vie
tyr support boh move vie
ukr support mos
ven hold
war hold
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: army por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove apu
build Fleet edi
build Fleet lon
build Army lvp
remove gol
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: army por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri
aeg support ion
boh move vie
bud move vie
bul/sc move gre
edi move nth
gas move mar
ion hold
lon move eng
lvn move mos
lvp move yor
mid move wes
mos support ukr
nap support tun move ion
nwy support stp
pie move tus
por move spa
pru support war
rom support wes move tys
rum move gal
ser move rum
sev support mos
sil support war
smy move eas
spa/sc move gol
stp support lvn move mos
tri support bud move vie
tun move ion
tyr hold
ukr support mos
ven hold
war hold
wes move tys
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr support tri
aeg move ion
boh move vie
eas support aeg move ion
eng move mid
gal support vie
gre support aeg move ion
ion move apu
lvn move mos
gol support mar move pie
mar move pie
mos support ukr
nap support rom
nth convoy yor move bel
nwy support stp
pru support war
rom hold
rum support gal
sev support mos
sil support war
spa move mar
stp support lvn move mos
tri support vie
tun move ion
tus move rom
tyr support boh move vie
tys support rom
ukr support mos
ven support tus move rom
vie support gal
war hold
wes move tun
yor move bel
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army lon
remove tus
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support apu move ven
apu move ven
bel move bur
boh move vie
eas support gre move ion
gal support vie
gre move ion
ion move apu
lon move bel via convoy
lvn move mos
gol convoy mar move tus
mid move naf
mar move tus via convoy
mos support ukr
nap support tun move ion
nth convoy lon move bel
nwy support stp
pie support ven
pru support war
rom support mar move tus
rum support gal
sev support mos
sil support war
stp support lvn move mos
tri support apu move ven
tun move ion
tyr support ven
tys support nap
ukr support mos
ven hold
vie support gal
war hold
wes move tun
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: army tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support apu
apu support ven
bel move bur
boh move vie
bur move mar
eas support ion
gal support vie
gre support ion
ion support apu
lvn move mos
gol support wes move tys
mos support ukr
naf support tun
nap move apu
nth move eng
nwy support stp
pie support tyr move ven
pru support war
rom move nap
rum support gal
sev support mos
sil support war
stp support lvn move mos
tri support ven
tun support tys move ion
tus support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
tys move ion
ukr support mos
ven move tri
vie support tri
war support lvn move mos
wes move tys
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: army tus
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army mun
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: army tus
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri
apu support ion
boh move vie
eas support ion
gal support vie
gre support ion
ion support apu
lvn move mos
gol move tys
mos support ukr
mun move tyr
naf move tun
nap move apu
nwy support stp
pie support ven
pru support war
rom move tus
rum support gal
sev support mos
sil support war
stp support lvn move mos
tri support vie
tun move ion
tus move rom
tys move nap
ukr support mos
ven hold
vie support gal
war hold
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: army tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri
apu support ion
boh move vie
eas support ion
gal support vie
gre support ion
ion support apu
lvn move mos
gol convoy mar move tus
mar move tus via convoy
mos support ukr
nap move apu
nwy support stp
pie support ven
pru support war
rom move tys
rum support gal
sev support mos
sil support war
stp support lvn move mos
tri support vie
tun move ion
tus move rom
tyr support boh move vie
tys move wes
ukr support gal
ven hold
vie support tri
war hold
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
England: army rom
England: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: army tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri
apu support ion
boh move vie
bur move mar
eas support ion
gal support vie
gre support ion
lvn move mos
mos support ukr
nap move apu
pie support ven
rom support nap move apu
rum support gal
sev support mos
sil move gal
spa/sc move wes
tun move ion
tus support ven
tyr support boh move vie
tys move nap
ukr support gal
ven support nap move apu
vie support tri
war support lvn move mos
wes move tys
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet apu
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
England: army rom
England: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: army tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Turkey: army/dislodged vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
vie move bud
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet apu
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
England: army rom
England: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: army tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri
apu move adr
bud support gal move vie
eas support ion
gal move vie
gre support ion
ion support adr
lvn move mos
mos support ukr
nap support rom move apu
nwy support stp
pie support ven
pru support war
rom move apu
rum move gal
sev support mos
sil move gal
stp support lvn move mos
tri support gal move vie
tun move ion
tus support ven
tyr support vie
ukr support mos
ven hold
vie hold
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet apu
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
England: army rom
England: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: army tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Germany: army/dislodged vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
vie move boh
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet apu
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
England: army rom
England: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: army tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet apu
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
England: army rom
England: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: army tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ion
apu move ion
boh move vie
bud support vie
con move bul
eas support ion
eng move mid
gre support ion
ion support adr
lvn move mos
mar move pie
mos support ukr
nap support apu move ion
nwy support stp
pie move tus
pru support war
rom move apu
rum move gal
sev support mos
sil move gal
stp support lvn move mos
tri support vie
tun support apu move ion
tus move rom
tyr support boh move vie
tys support apu move ion
ukr support mos
ven hold
vie support tri
war hold
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet apu
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
England: army rom
England: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: army tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ion
apu move ven
boh support sil move gal
bud support vie
bul move ser
eas support ion
gre support ion
lvn move mos
gol hold
mid move wes
mos support ukr
naf move tun
nap move apu
nwy support stp
pie support apu move ven
rom support nap move apu
rum move gal
sev support mos
sil move gal
stp support lvn move mos
tri support vie
tun move ion
tus support apu move ven
tyr support ven move tri
tys move nap
ukr support mos
ven move tri
vie support tri
war support lvn move mos
wes move tys
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet apu
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
England: army rom
England: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: army tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
England: fleet ven
England: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet lon
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet apu
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
England: army rom
England: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: army tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
England: fleet ven
England: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ion
apu move ion
boh move vie
bud support vie
eas support ion
gal move ukr
gre support ion
lon move eng
lvn move mos
gol move tus
mar move bur
mos support ukr
naf move wes
nap support apu move ion
nwy support stp
pie move mar
rom move apu
rum support ukr
ser support tri
sev support mos
stp support lvn move mos
tri support vie
tun support apu move ion
tus move pie
tyr support boh move vie
tys support apu move ion
ukr support mos
ven move adr
vie support tri
war support gal move ukr
wes move gol
PHASE 1914 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: army apu
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
England: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
England: fleet ven
England: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ion move aeg
PHASE 1914 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army apu
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
England: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
England: fleet ven
England: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri
aeg support eas move ion
boh move vie
bud support vie
bur move mar
eas move ion
eng move mid
gal move ukr
gre support eas move ion
ion support ven move adr
lvn support war move mos
gol move tus
mar move pie
mos support ukr
nap support ion
pie move ven
rum support ukr
ser support tri
sev support mos
stp support war move mos
tri support vie
tun support ion
tus move rom
tyr support boh move vie
tys support ion
ukr support mos
ven move adr
vie support tri
war move mos
wes move gol
PHASE 1914 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army apu
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
England: fleet ven
England: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
PHASE 1915 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army apu
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
England: fleet ven
England: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
aeg support eas move ion
apu move rom
ber move sil
boh move vie
bud support vie
bur hold
eas move ion
gal support boh move vie
gre support eas move ion
ion move alb
lvn support mos
gol hold
mid move wes
mar hold
mos hold
nap move apu
nwy support stp
pie support ven
pru move war
rom move nap
rum move gal
ser support tri
sev support ukr
stp support mos
tri support vie
tun support tys move ion
tus move tys
tyr support boh move vie
tys move ion
ukr support rum move gal
ven support nap move apu
vie support tri
PHASE 1915 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
England: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet apu
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
England: army rom
England: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
England: fleet ven
England: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move ion
apu support ven move adr
boh support sil move gal
lvn support mos
gol move tys
mos hold
nap support alb move ion
pie support rom move ven
rom move ven
sil move gal
stp support mos
tun support alb move ion
tus move rom
tyr move vie
tys support alb move ion
ven move adr
war hold
wes hold
PHASE 1915 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet/dislodged adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet apu
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: army/dislodged gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
England: army ven
England: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move alb
gal move rum
ion move eas
PHASE 1915 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet apu
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
England: army ven
England: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
PHASE 1916 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet apu
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
England: army ven
England: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
apu support ion
ber move sil
boh hold
gal support war move ukr
lvn support mos
mos hold
nap support ion
nwy support stp
pie move ven
tun support ion
tyr support ven move tri
tys support ion
ven move tri
war move ukr
PHASE 1916 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet apu
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
England: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
England: army ven
England: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
