PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move sev
mun move bur
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move ven
sev move rum
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move pie
vie move tyr
war hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
bot move swe
bul hold
con move aeg
den move swe
ion move tun
kie move hol
mid move por
mun move bur
nth convoy yor move nwy
nrg move bar
par move bur
pie hold
rum support sev
ser support alb move gre
sev support rum
smy move con
spa move mar
tyr move vie
ven move tri
war move sil
yor move nwy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
build Fleet nap
build Fleet rom
build Fleet smy
build Army stp
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bar support nwy
ber move kie
bot move swe
bre move mid
bud support vie move gal
con support bul
den move swe
gre hold
hol move bel
kie move hol
lon move nth
mar hold
mun move bur
nap move ion
nth move ska
nwy support den move swe
par move pic
pie move mar
por move spa/sc
rom move tys
rum move bla
ser support gre
sev move rum
sil move war
smy move aeg
tri hold
tun support nap move ion
vie move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bar support nwy move stp
bla support rum
bot move bal
bud move tri
bul support aeg move gre
bur support pie move mar
con support bul
gal move vie
gre move alb
hol support bel
ion support aeg move gre
kie move den
mid move wes
mar hold
nth hold
nwy move stp
pic move par
pie move mar
rum hold
ser support bud move tri
ska move nwy
smy move aeg
spa/sc support mid move wes
stp move nwy
swe move bot
tri move vie
tun move wes
tys move gol
war move ukr
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
France: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
Russia: army/dislodged stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
mar move gas
stp move lvn
tri move ven
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bla
build Fleet edi
build Army kie
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb support aeg move ion
bal convoy lvn move ber
bar move stp/nc
bel move pic
bot move swe
bul move ser
bur support bel move pic
con move smy
den support bot move swe
edi move nth
gal move sil
gas support spa/sc
gre support aeg move ion
hol move kie
kie move ber
gol move spa/sc
mar support gol move spa/sc
nth move ska
nwy support nth move ska
par hold
rum support bul move ser
ser move tri
smy move eas
spa/sc support wes move gol
stp move fin
tri move tyr
tun move wes
ukr move mos
ven move tri
wes move gol
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet/dislodged gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ion move nap
gol move tys
ser move bud
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move adr
bal convoy ber move pru
bud move tri
bur move par
den move nth
eas convoy smy move tun
fin support stp/nc
gas move bre
gre support ion
ion convoy smy move tun
kie move hel
lvn move war
gol move mar
mos move stp
nap move ion
nth move den
nwy support ska move swe
par hold
pic support bur move par
rum move bud
ser support rum move bud
sil move ber
ska move swe
smy move tun
spa/sc support gol move mar
stp/nc hold
tyr support bud move tri
tys move tun
wes move mid
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army/dislodged mar
France: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: army/dislodged par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
Germany: fleet/dislodged swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mar move pie
par move gas
swe move bot
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army con
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
remove mid
build Army sev
remove sil
remove tri
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ion move apu
bal move lvn
bot move bal
bre support gas
bud move vie
con move bul
den support bot move bal
eas move ion
fin move swe
gas support bre
gre support eas move ion
hel move hol
ion move apu
kie support den
lon move eng
mar hold
nth move den
nwy support fin move swe
pic support par
pie move ven
ser move tri
sev move rum
spa/sc move wes
stp/nc hold
swe move bal
tyr support ser move tri
tys move tun
ven move tri
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ven
apu support ion move nap
ber move kie
bot move bal
bre support gas move par
bul move gre
den move nth
eng support bre
fin move swe
gas move par
gre move ion
hol support den move nth
ion move nap
kie move den
lvn support mos move stp
mar move pie
mos move stp
nap support ven move apu
nth support swe move den
nwy support stp/nc
par hold
pic move bel
pie move ven
rum move gal
stp/nc hold
swe move den
tri support adr move ven
tyr support adr move ven
ven move apu
vie support tri
wes move tun
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
Germany: army/dislodged par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Austria: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
nth move edi
par move pic
ven move rom
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
remove hol
remove pie
build Army sev
remove ven
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu support gre move ion
bal move pru
ber move sil
bre move pic
bul move gre
con move bul
edi move nrg
eng support nwy move nth
fin support stp/nc
gal move war
gre move ion
ion move tys
kie move mun
lvn move bot
mar move gol
nap support rom move apu
nth move den
nwy move nth
par support bre move pic
pic move bur
rom move apu
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/nc hold
swe move ska
tri move ven
tun move ion
tyr support tri move ven
war move lvn
wes move tun
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: fleet/dislodged apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu move rom
bel move pic
bot support mos move stp
bul move gre
bur move mar
con move bul
eng support pic move bel
fin move swe
gre move ion
lvn support mos move stp
gol move mar
mos move stp
nap support apu move rom
nth support ska move den
nrg support nth
par move bur
pic move bel
pru move bal
rum move gal
ska move den
smy move syr
stp/nc hold
tun hold
tyr move vie
tys move rom
ven support tys move rom
wes move tun
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
Germany: army/dislodged bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet/dislodged stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move hol
den move kie
stp move nwy
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bal
build Fleet bre
build Fleet con
build Army mar
build Army mos
remove sil
build Fleet smy
remove tyr
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu move rom
bel support mar move bur
bre move pic
bul move ser
bur move bel
con move aeg
den move bal
eng move nth
gal move sil
gre move nap
hol support bur move bel
ion convoy gre move nap
gol move wes
mar move bur
mos move stp
mun move tyr
nap move tys
nth move hel
nrg move nwy
nwy move swe
par support mar move bur
smy move eas
stp move fin
swe move fin
syr move smy
tun move ion
tys support gre move nap
ven move rom
vie move boh
war move pru
wes move naf
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
France: army/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move ruh
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu move rom
bal support hel move kie
boh move tyr
bot convoy lvn move fin
bur move bel
eas move ion
hel move kie
hol support bel
ion move nap
kie move den
mos move lvn
naf move tun
nap move rom
nth move den
nrg move bar
nwy move swe
par move bur
pic support bur move bel
pru move ber
ruh support bur move bel
ser move tri
sil move mun
smy hold
stp support bot move fin
swe move fin
tun move tys
tyr move tri
tys support tun
ven support nap move rom
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army con
remove hol
build Army lon
build Fleet mar
build Army sev
build Army war
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move con
bal support swe move bot
bar move stp/nc
bel move hol
ber move kie
boh support mun
bot support mos move stp
bur move mun
con move bul
fin support bar move stp/nc
ion support nap move tys
kie move ber
lon move den
lvn support mos move stp
mar move gol
mos move stp
mun support ber
nap move tys
nth convoy lon move den
pic move bel
rom move ven
ruh support bur move mun
ser move tri
sev move rum
stp move nwy
swe move bot
tun hold
tyr move pie
tys move gol
ven move pie
wes support tun
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal move ber
bar move nwy
bel support hol
ber move kie
boh support mun
bot move swe
bul move ser
bur move mun
con move bul
den support kie
fin support bar move nwy
hol support ruh
ion move nap
kie support bal move ber
lvn support mos move stp
mar move gol
mos move stp
mun support ber move kie
nap move rom
nth move eng
nwy move edi
rom move tus
ruh support bur move mun
rum move bud
smy move con
tun hold
tyr move vie
tys move gol
war move pru
wes support tun
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army/dislodged ber
England: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move sil
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet lon
build Army par
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel support hol
ber support kie
boh move gal
bud move vie
bul move gre
bur move mun
con move bul
den move swe
eng support lon move nth
fin support nwy move stp/nc
hol support bel
kie support ber
lon move nth
lvn support stp
mar move gol
mun move ber
nap move tys
nwy move stp/nc
par move gas
pru support mun move ber
rom move tus
ruh support bur move mun
ser support tri
sil support mun move ber
stp support lvn
swe move bal
tri support bud move vie
tun support wes
tus move pie
tys move gol
ven support tus move pie
vie move gal
wes support tun
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Germany: army/dislodged vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
vie move tyr
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move lvn
bel move pic
ber support sil move mun
boh support sil move mun
bul move ser
eng move nth
fin move stp
gas move mar
hol move bel
ion support nap move tys
kie hold
lvn support pru
mar move gol
nap move tys
nth move hel
nwy support fin move stp
pie move mar
pru support ber
ruh support mun
ser move alb
sil move mun
stp support lvn
swe move fin
tun hold
tus support tys move gol
tyr move tri
tys move gol
vie support boh
wes move tys
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: army/dislodged stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun move bur
stp move mos
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army edi
remove tyr
build Army war
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army fin
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb hold
bal support stp move lvn
bel move pic
ber support mun
boh support mun
bur support gas move mar
edi move den
fin support nwy move stp/nc
gas move mar
gre hold
hel support kie
ion support tys move tun
kie hold
lvn support mos
gol move wes
mar move gol
mos support lvn
mun support ber
nth convoy edi move den
nwy move stp/nc
pic move eng
pie move mar
pru support ber
ruh move mun
ser move tri
stp move lvn
tri move ven
tun move ion
tus move tys
tys move tun
ven move pie
vie move tyr
war move sil
wes support mar move gol
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet/dislodged gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
France: fleet/dislodged tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
gol move spa/sc
tun move naf
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support den move kie
ber move kie
boh support mun
bur support mar
den move kie
eng move mid
fin support stp
hel support den move kie
ion support tun
kie move den
lvn support mos
gol move spa/sc
mar support gol move spa/sc
mos support lvn
mun move bur
naf move tun
nth move lon
nwy move nth
pic move par
pie move mar
pru support ber
ruh move mun
ser move tri
sil support ber
spa/sc support pie move mar
stp hold
tri move ven
tun hold
tyr move mun
tys move gol
ven move pie
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
remove naf
remove par
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support den move kie
ber support mun
boh move sil
bur move mun
con move bul
den move kie
fin support stp
hel support kie move hol
ion move tun
kie move hol
lon move eng
lvn support mos
gol move pie
mid support wes move spa/sc
mar support gol move pie
mos support lvn
mun support ber
nth move bel
pie move mar
pru support ber
ruh support bur move mun
ser move tri
sil move war
smy move aeg
spa/sc move mid
stp hold
tri move ven
tun move wes
tyr support mun
tys support tun move wes
ven move tus
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
France: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
spa/sc move por
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
France: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
Turkey: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal move ber
bel support hol
ber support mun
bul move ser
bur move bel
eng move bre
fin support stp
hel support kie
hol support bel
kie support bal move ber
lvn move swe
mid move por
mar support spa/sc
mos hold
pie move gol
por support wes move spa/sc
pru support ber
ruh move hol
sil support ber
spa/sc support mid move por
stp support fin
tri move ven
tun move naf
tus support ven move pie
tyr support ven move pie
tys move gol
ven move pie
war move lvn
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
build Fleet lon
build Fleet lvp
remove mar
build Fleet smy
remove spa/sc
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support kie
bel move nth
ber support pru
bre move mid
bur move par
edi move nrg
fin support stp
hel move hol
hol move bel
ion move tys
kie hold
lon move eng
lvn support mos
lvp move iri
mid move bre
mos support lvn
mun hold
naf move mid
pie move mar
por support wes move spa/sc
pru support ber
ruh move hol
ser move tri
sil move boh
smy move aeg
stp hold
tus move pie
tyr support mun
tys move wes
war move sil
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal move ber
bel hold
ber support pru
boh support tyr move mun
bre move gas
eng move bre
fin support stp
hel support kie
iri move eng
kie support bal move ber
lvn support mos
mid move iri
mar move gas
mos support lvn
mun move bur
naf move mid
nth move hol
nrg hold
pie move mar
por support naf move mid
pru support ber
sil support ber
spa/sc support naf move mid
stp hold
tri move ven
tyr move mun
ven move pie
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
France: fleet/dislodged mid
Turkey: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
mid move nat
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
remove nat
remove ruh
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal convoy kie move lvn
bel hold
ber support pru
boh move mun
bre support iri move mid
bur support mun move ruh
con move bul
eng support iri move mid
fin support stp
hel move kie
hol support hel move kie
ion move tys
iri move mid
kie move lvn
lvn move stp
mid move nat
mar move gas
mos support lvn move stp
mun move ruh
nrg move nwy
par hold
pie move mar
por move spa/nc
pru support ber
sil support ber
smy move aeg
spa/sc move por
stp support kie move lvn
tri move ven
tys move wes
ven move pie
wes move mid
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
Russia: army/dislodged lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
lvn move war
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal move lvn
bel support hol
ber support mun move kie
bre support mid
bur support gas move par
eng hold
fin move swe
gas move par
hol support kie
ion move tys
kie support hol
lvn move mos
mid support bre
mar move gas
mos support war move lvn
mun move kie
nat move lvp
nwy move nth
pie move mar
por support wes move mid
pru support war move lvn
ruh support mun move kie
sil support ber
spa/sc support wes move mid
stp support lvn move mos
tys move wes
ven move pie
war move lvn
wes move mid
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
England: fleet/dislodged kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Turkey: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
England: fleet/dislodged mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Turkey: army par
France: army/dislodged par
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
kie move den
mid move iri
mos move ukr
par disband
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Turkey: fleet lvp
Turkey: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Turkey: army par
Turkey: supply par
Turkey: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
remove den
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Turkey: fleet lvp
Turkey: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Turkey: army par
Turkey: supply par
Turkey: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support swe move den
bel support hol
ber move kie
bre support eng move mid
bul move rum
bur move bel
con move bul
eng move mid
gas support gre move bre
gre move bre
hol support bel
ion convoy gre move bre
iri move lvp
kie move den
lvn move mos
mid convoy gre move bre
mos support stp move lvn
nth support bel
par support gre move bre
pie move tyr
por move spa/nc
pru support lvn
ruh move hol
sil move ber
smy move aeg
spa/sc move por
stp move lvn
swe move den
tys convoy gre move bre
ukr support lvn move mos
wes convoy gre move bre
PHASE 1913 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
Turkey: fleet lvp
Turkey: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Turkey: fleet/dislodged mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
England: army/dislodged mos
England: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Turkey: army par
Turkey: supply par
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
mid move nat
mos move stp
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
Turkey: fleet lvp
Turkey: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
England: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Turkey: army par
Turkey: supply par
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal support den move kie
bel support hol
ber support kie
bre support mid move gas
bur move bel
den move kie
gas move bre
hol support den move kie
ion move tun
iri move lvp
kie move hol
lvn move mos
mid move gas
mar move gas
mos support pru move lvn
nat move nrg
nth support bel
par support gas move bre
por move mid
pru move lvn
ruh support bur move bel
rum move gal
sil support ber
spa/sc move por
stp support lvn move mos
tyr move boh
ukr support mos
wes support por move mid
PHASE 1913 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Turkey: army bre
England: fleet/dislodged bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
Russia: army/dislodged kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army/dislodged lvn
Turkey: fleet lvp
Turkey: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
England: fleet/dislodged mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
England: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Turkey: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Turkey: army par
Turkey: supply par
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bre move eng
kie move mun
mid move spa/nc
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Turkey: army bre
Turkey: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Turkey: fleet lvp
Turkey: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Turkey: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Turkey: army par
Turkey: supply par
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army edi
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Turkey: army bre
Turkey: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Turkey: fleet lvp
Turkey: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Turkey: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Turkey: army par
Turkey: supply par
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move lvn
bel support hol
ber support mun move kie
bur move bel
edi move nwy
eng move mid
hol support bel
iri support eng move mid
kie hold
lvn support mos
lvp support mid move iri
mid move iri
mar support wes move spa/sc
mos support lvn
mun move kie
nth convoy edi move nwy
nrg move nwy
par move gas
por support wes move spa/sc
ruh support mun move kie
sil support ber
spa/nc support eng move mid
stp hold
tun move wes
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1914 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Turkey: army bre
Turkey: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet iri
England: fleet/dislodged iri
Russia: army kie
England: army/dislodged kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Turkey: fleet lvp
Turkey: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Turkey: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Turkey: supply par
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
iri move eng
kie move den
PHASE 1914 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Turkey: army bre
Turkey: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Turkey: fleet lvp
Turkey: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Turkey: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Turkey: supply par
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move kie
bel support hol
ber support kie
bur support ruh
den support bal move kie
edi move nwy
eng support mid move bre
gas support bre
hol support bel
iri move eng
kie support ruh
lvn support mos
mid move bre
mar move spa
mos support lvn
nth convoy edi move nwy
nrg move nwy
por support spa/sc move mid
ruh support kie
sil move mun
spa/sc move mid
stp hold
ukr move war
wes support spa/sc move mid
PHASE 1914 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Turkey: army bre
Turkey: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Turkey: fleet lvp
Turkey: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
England: fleet/dislodged mid
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Turkey: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Turkey: supply par
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
mid disband
PHASE 1914 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Turkey: army bre
Turkey: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Turkey: fleet lvp
Turkey: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Turkey: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Turkey: supply par
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet con
build Army sev
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1915 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Turkey: army bre
Turkey: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Turkey: fleet lvp
Turkey: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Turkey: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Turkey: supply par
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move con
bal move lvn
bel move eng
ber support kie
bur move bel
den move kie
edi move lvp
eng move wal
gas move par
hol support den move kie
ion move tys
iri support mid move eng
kie support ber
lvn support mos move stp
lvp move cly
mid move eng
mos move stp
mun support kie
nth move hel
nrg move edi
por support wes move mid
ruh support bur move bel
spa move gas
stp support bal move lvn
tys move wes
war move pru
wes move mid
PHASE 1915 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Russia: army bel
England: fleet/dislodged bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Turkey: army bre
Turkey: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
Turkey: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Turkey: army par
Turkey: supply par
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move nth
PHASE 1915 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Russia: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Turkey: army bre
Turkey: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
Turkey: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Turkey: army par
Turkey: supply par
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move tri
bal support den move kie
bel support ruh move hol
ber support kie
bul move ser
cly support edi
con move bul
den move kie
eng support iri move wal
gas move lon
hel support den move kie
hol support den move kie
iri move wal
kie support ruh move hol
lvn support mos move stp
lvp support wal
mid move nat
mos move stp
mun support kie
nth move lon
por move mid
pru support lvn
ruh move hol
sev move ukr
stp move mos
wal support lvp
PHASE 1915 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Russia: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Turkey: army bre
Turkey: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
England: fleet/dislodged hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
Turkey: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Turkey: army par
Turkey: supply par
Turkey: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Russia: army stp
England: army/dislodged stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
hol move nth
stp move nwy
PHASE 1915 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Turkey: army bre
Turkey: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet edi
Turkey: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Turkey: army par
Turkey: supply par
Turkey: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bal
remove hel
remove lvp
build Army mos
build Army sev
build Army war
PHASE 1916 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Turkey: army bre
Turkey: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet edi
Turkey: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Turkey: army par
Turkey: supply par
Turkey: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel support hol
ber support kie
cly support gas move lvp
den hold
eng move lon
gas move lvp
hol support bel
iri support gas move lvp
kie support hol
lon support wal move eng
lvn support mos move stp
mid convoy gas move lvp
mos move stp
mun support kie
nat convoy gas move lvp
nth hold
nwy hold
pru support ber
sev move rum
stp move fin
tys move gol
ukr move mos
wal move eng
war support pru
PHASE 1916 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Turkey: army bre
Turkey: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet edi
Turkey: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet/dislodged eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Turkey: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Turkey: army par
Turkey: supply par
Turkey: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
eng move pic
PHASE 1916 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Turkey: army bre
Turkey: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet edi
Turkey: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Turkey: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Turkey: army par
Turkey: supply par
Turkey: fleet pic
Turkey: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel support hol
ber support kie
den hold
eng support nth move bel
fin support stp move nwy
hol support bel
iri move wal
kie support hol
lon move nth
lvn support stp
mid move iri
mos support lvn
mun support kie
nth move bel
nwy move swe
pru support ber
rum move bud
stp move nwy
war support pru
wes move mid
PHASE 1916 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Turkey: army bre
Turkey: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet edi
Turkey: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Turkey: army lvp
Turkey: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Turkey: army par
Turkey: supply par
Turkey: fleet pic
Turkey: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Turkey: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
