PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move pru
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar support par move bur
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move apu
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move adr
ven hold
vie move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move alb
ank move con
apu move gre
bot convoy stp move swe
bud move ser
bul move gre
bur support nth move bel
con move bul
den move swe
edi move yor
gal move war
ion convoy apu move gre
mid move por
mar move spa
nth move bel
nrg move nth
pru move lvn
ruh move hol
ser move gre
stp move swe
ven move tri
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet edi
build Fleet kie
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Army ven
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb support ser move tri
ank move con
apu move ven
bel support edi move nth
ber move sil
bot move swe
bud support ser move tri
bul move gre
bur move mun
con move bul
den move swe
edi move nth
hol support bur move bel
ion move alb
kie move bal
lvn move pru
mar move gol
mos move lvn
nth move ska
par move bur
por move spa/sc
ser move tri
smy move aeg
spa move gas
stp support mos move lvn
tri hold
ven move tyr
yor hold
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
tri move vie
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move adr
bal move swe
bel support yor move hol
bot move swe
bud support tri move vie
bul move ser
bur move mun
con move aeg
den support bal move swe
gas move bur
gre hold
ion move tun
lvn support war
gol move tys
mun move kie
nth convoy yor move hol
pru move ber
sil support pru move ber
ska move nwy
spa/sc move wes
stp move nwy
tri move vie
tyr support ven move tri
ven move tri
vie move bud
war support lvn
yor move hol
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
England: army hol
Germany: army/dislodged hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Italy: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
hol move ruh
vie move boh
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove adr
build Fleet edi
build Fleet mar
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bel support hol
ber move kie
boh support tyr move vie
bot move swe
bud support vie
bur move ruh
edi move nth
gre move ser
hol support kie
ion move adr
kie support mun
lvn move pru
mar move gol
mun support bur move ruh
nap move tys
nth move den
par move bur
ruh support sil move mun
ser move bud
sil move mun
ska move swe
smy move aeg
stp move fin
tri support tyr move vie
tun hold
tyr move vie
tys support wes move tun
vie support bud
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
vie move gal
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg move ion
bel support hol
ber support sil move mun
boh support vie
bot move swe
bud move rum
bur support mun
den support ska move swe
fin support bot move swe
gal support bud move rum
gre move ser
hol support kie
kie support mun
gol move tys
mun support kie
nap move tys
nth move nwy
par move gas
pru support war move sil
ruh support sil move mun
ser move bud
sil move mun
ska move swe
smy move con
tri move ven
tun hold
tys move tun
vie hold
war move sil
wes support tys move tun
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: fleet/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: fleet/dislodged tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
rum move bul/ec
tun disband
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet edi
build Army lon
build Fleet mar
build Fleet ven
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move apu
ank move arm
bel support hol
ber move kie
boh move vie
bot move bal
bud hold
bul/ec move bla
bur move mun
con move bla
den support ska move swe
edi move nth
fin move swe
gas move mar
hol support kie
ion move nap
kie support bur move mun
lon hold
gol move tys
mar move gol
mun move tyr
nap move ion
nwy support ska move swe
pru move ber
ruh support ber move kie
ser hold
sil support pru move ber
ska move swe
tri support vie move bud
tun support gol move tys
ven move adr
vie move bud
wes support gol move tys
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Turkey: army/dislodged bud
Turkey: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bud move gal
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move apu
apu support ion move nap
arm move sev
bal support ber move kie
ber move kie
bud hold
bul/ec move rum
con move bla
den support swe
fin move stp
gal move bud
hol support kie
ion move nap
kie support mun
lon move nwy
gol move tus
mar move pie
mun support kie
nap hold
nth convoy lon move nwy
nwy move bar
ruh move bur
rum support arm move sev
ser support gal move bud
sil support ber
swe support lon move nwy
tri move ven
tun move ion
tyr move ven
tys move rom
vie support bud
wes move tys
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bur
build Army edi
build Army mar
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
apu support ion move nap
bal support ber move kie
bar support nwy move stp
bel move nth
ber move kie
bla move bul/ec
bud move vie
bul/ec move con
den move bal
edi hold
gal move ukr
hol support kie
ion move nap
kie support mun
mar move pie
mun support kie
nap move rom
nth move ska
nwy move stp
pie move ven
rum support ser
ser hold
sev move mos
sil move mun
stp move mos
swe support den move bal
tri move ven
tun support tys move ion
tus move tys
tyr support pie move ven
tys move ion
vie move tyr
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
Russia: fleet/dislodged bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: army/dislodged stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bal move bot
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
apu support nap
bal move ber
bar move stp/nc
ber move pru
bud move gal
bul/ec hold
edi move nwy
hol support kie
ion support tys move nap
kie support bal move ber
mar move pie
mun support bal move ber
nap hold
nth convoy edi move nwy
pie move tus
rom support tys move nap
rum hold
ser move gre
sev move mos
sil move war
ska move den
stp move mos
tun support ion
tyr support mun
tys move nap
ukr support sev move mos
ven move tyr
vie support ven move tyr
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army tyr
France: army/dislodged tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
tyr move boh
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove bot
build Army edi
build Army lon
build Army mar
remove pru
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bar support stp
ber move bal
boh support mun move tyr
con move bul/sc
den move ska
edi hold
gal move boh
hol move kie
ion move eas
kie move ber
lon move den
mar move pie
mun move tyr
nap move ion
nth convoy lon move den
nwy move swe
pie move ven
rom move nap
rum move bud
stp hold
swe move bot
tun support nap move ion
tus support pie move ven
tyr support ven
ven hold
vie support gal move boh
war move ukr
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
France: army ber
England: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: army/dislodged boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
Italy: fleet/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
boh move sil
ven move tri
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
France: army ber
England: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank support smy
apu move ion
bal convoy den move pru
bar support stp
ber support sil
bot convoy swe move lvn
bud hold
bul/ec move con
con move aeg
den move pru
eas support ion move aeg
edi move swe
gre hold
ion move aeg
kie support mun
mos support ukr move war
nap move apu
nth convoy edi move swe
pie move tyr
sil support mun
ska convoy edi move swe
smy support bul/ec move con
stp support swe move lvn
swe move lvn
tun move ion
tus support ven
ukr move war
ven support pie move tyr
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
France: army ber
England: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Russia: fleet/dislodged con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
con disband
war disband
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
remove boh
build Fleet mar
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support tun move ion
ank move con
apu move ion
bal support swe move lvn
bot convoy swe move lvn
bud move vie
con move aeg
eas support aeg
gre hold
kie hold
lvn move mos
mar move gol
mos hold
mun support sil move boh
nap support tun move ion
pru move war
sil move boh
smy support con move aeg
stp support lvn move mos
swe move lvn
tun move ion
tus move ven
tyr support ven move tri
ven move tri
war support mos
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Turkey: army/dislodged mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
Italy: fleet/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
mos move ukr
tri move alb
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb support vie move tri
ank move con
apu move adr
bal convoy kie move pru
ber move sil
boh support tyr move vie
bud hold
con move bul/sc
ion support aeg move gre
kie move pru
lvn support pru move war
gol move tys
mos move sev
mun move tyr
nap support ion
pru move war
smy hold
stp move mos
tri move ser
tyr move vie
ukr move sev
ven support tri
vie move tri
war hold
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
France: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army war
Turkey: army/dislodged war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
war move gal
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
remove alb
build Army bre
build Army edi
build Army lon
build Army mar
build Army par
remove ukr
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
boh support war move gal
bre move par
bud support gal move vie
bul/sc move aeg
con move bul
eas support ion move aeg
gal move vie
gre support ion move aeg
ion move aeg
lon move swe
mar move pie
mos move sev
nap support tys move ion
nth convoy lon move swe
par move bur
pru move war
ser support ven move tri
sil support war move gal
ska convoy lon move swe
smy support bul/sc move aeg
stp move mos
tri support adr move ven
tyr move tri
tys move ion
ven support tyr move tri
vie support tyr move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
France: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
France: army/dislodged vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
tri move alb
vie move tyr
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
France: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
adr hold
aeg support eas move smy
alb move gre
boh support tyr move vie
bot convoy swe move lvn
bud move tri
bul/sc move con
bur move mun
con move bul
eas move smy
edi move swe
gal support boh move vie
gre support aeg move bul/sc
ion support gre
lvn move mos
mos move sev
nap move tys
nth convoy edi move swe
par move bur
pie move tus
ser support aeg move bul/sc
sev move arm
ska convoy edi move swe
smy hold
swe move lvn
tri support tyr move vie
tyr move vie
ven support tri
vie hold
war move ukr
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
England: fleet ska
France: fleet smy
Turkey: fleet/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
France: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: supply war
ORDERS
smy move syr
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
France: army sil
England: fleet ska
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: fleet syr
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: supply war
ORDERS
remove alb
build Fleet edi
build Fleet mar
build Army par
remove syr
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
France: army sil
England: fleet ska
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: supply war
ORDERS
adr move apu
aeg support gre move bul/sc
arm move ank
boh move vie
bot convoy swe move lvn
bud hold
bul/sc move con
con move ank
edi move nrg
gal support vie move bud
gre move bul/sc
ion convoy tus move gre
lvn move war
mos move sev
mun hold
ser support vie move bud
sev move arm
sil hold
smy move con
swe move lvn
tri support vie move bud
tus move gre
tys convoy tus move gre
ukr move rum
vie move bud
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
France: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
France: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gal
France: army gre
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army rum
Austria: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
France: army sil
England: fleet ska
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
apu move nap
arm move ank
bul/sc support aeg move con
con move ank
gre support bul/sc
ion support tys move nap
ser support bul/sc
smy support aeg move con
tri support bud
tys move nap
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
France: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
France: supply bul
France: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
France: fleet con
France: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gal
France: army gre
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
France: army sil
England: fleet ska
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
