PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move ven
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move tri
vie move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb support vie move tri
ank move bla
bot move swe
bul move ser
con move bul
den hold
eng move bel
ion move tun
kie move hol
mid move por
nth convoy yor move nwy
pic move bre
ruh support eng move bel
ser support vie move tri
sev move arm
spa hold
tri hold
ukr move rum
ven support tri
vie move tri
war move gal
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
build Fleet ber
build Army lon
build Fleet lvp
build Fleet mar
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army rom
build Fleet sev
build Fleet stp/nc
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move arm
arm support sev move bla
bel move eng
ber hold
bla support ank move arm
bul move gre
con move bul
den hold
gal move bud
hol move ruh
lon move bel via convoy
lvp move iri
mar move spa/sc
mun move tyr
nap move ion
nth convoy lon move bel
nwy hold
par move pic
por move mid
rom move ven
ruh move mun
rum move bul
ser support alb move gre
sev move bla
spa move gas
stp/nc support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tri support ven move tyr
tun support nap move ion
ven move tyr
vie support mun move tyr
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army/dislodged nwy
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nwy move fin
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
arm move bla
bel support ruh move bur
ber move bal
bla support bul move rum
bre move par
bud support rum move ser
bul move rum
con move bul
den support fin move swe
eng support iri move mid
fin move swe
gas move bre
gre hold
hol move ruh
ion support bul move gre
iri move mid
mid move nat
mun support ruh move bur
nth move nwy
nwy move swe
pic move bre
rom move ven
ruh move bur
rum move ser
ser move bud
sev move rum
spa/sc move mid
stp/nc move nwy
tri support ven move tyr
tun hold
ven move tyr
vie support ser move bud
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Russia: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bud move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army war
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank support bla
arm move bla
bal move bot
bel move pic
bla convoy con move rum
bud move rum
bul support con move rum
bur support bel move pic
con move rum via convoy
den move swe
eng move iri
gal move bud
gas move mar
gre move aeg
ion move alb
mid move nat
mun support bur
nat move cly
nth move nwy
par support pic move bre
pic move bre
ruh move kie
ser move rum
sev support ser move rum
spa/sc support gas move mar
stp/nc support nwy
swe move fin
tri support tyr move vie
tun move ion
tyr move vie
ven support tri
vie move gal
war move pru
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
vie move boh
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
alb support ion move gre
ank hold
arm move bla
bla move rum
boh move gal
bot support fin move stp
bre move pic
bud move rum
bul support bla move rum
bur move gas
cly move lvp
con move smy
fin move stp
gal support ser move bud
ion move gre
iri move lvp
kie move ber
mar move bur
mun support bur
nat move nrg
nth move nwy
nwy support stp/nc
par support bre move pic
pic support bur
pru move lvn
ser move bud
sev move rum
spa/sc move mid
stp/nc support nwy
swe move nwy
tri move bud
ven move tri
vie support tri move bud
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: army/dislodged pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet/dislodged stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
pic move bel
stp/nc move bar
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove aeg
remove boh
remove gal
build Army kie
build Fleet nap
remove nwy
build Fleet rom
build Fleet smy
build Army ven
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move bla
bar support lvn move stp
bel hold
ber move pru
bla support ser move rum
bot support stp
bud support tri move ser
bul support rum
bur support pic move bel
cly move lvp
con move ank
gas move spa
gre move aeg
iri move lvp
kie move ruh
lvn move stp
mid move spa/sc
mun support kie move ruh
nap move ion
nth support bel
nrg move nwy
par move bre
pic move bel
rom move tys
rum support ank move bla
ser move rum
sev support ser move rum
smy move con
stp hold
swe move den
tri move ser
ven move tri
vie move gal
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Russia: army/dislodged ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ser move alb
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move ser
ank support con
bar support lvn move stp
bel hold
bla move rum
bot support stp
bre move par
bud move rum
bul support rum
bur move mar
cly move edi
con support bul
den move nth
gal support bud move rum
gas move mar
gre support aeg move bul
ion move aeg
iri move lvp
lvn move stp
mid move spa/nc
mun move bur
nth move edi
nwy support stp
pic move bre
pru move war
ruh support bel
rum hold
ser support aeg move bul
sev support bla move rum
stp hold
tri support ser
tys move ion
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove alb
remove bar
remove bla
build Fleet edi
build Army kie
build Army ven
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
ank move bla
bel support ruh move bur
bot move bal
bre support spa/nc move gas
bud move rum
bul support rum
bur move mar
cly move lvp
con support bul
den move hel
edi move cly
gal support bud move rum
gas move mar
gre support ser move bul
ion move eas
kie move ruh
lvn move mos
lvp support edi move cly
mun support ruh move bur
nth move eng
nwy move nrg
ruh move bur
rum support ank move bla
ser move bul
sev hold
smy support con
spa/nc move gas
stp hold
tri move ser
tys move ion
ven move tri
war hold
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
England: fleet cly
France: fleet/dislodged cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
France: fleet gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
cly move nat
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
France: fleet gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bal move kie
bel support ruh move bur
bla move arm
bre move par
bul move con
bur move mar
cly support nrg move nat
con move ank
eas support aeg move smy
eng move mid
gal support rum
gas move bre
gre support bul
hel move nth
ion hold
lvp move iri
mos move ukr
mun support ruh move bur
nat move iri
nrg move nat
par move gas
ruh move bur
rum hold
ser support gre move bul
sev move arm
smy move syr
stp move mos
tri hold
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
England: fleet cly
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: fleet syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army lon
build Army rom
remove sev
build Army ven
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
England: fleet cly
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: fleet syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support con
ank move arm
bel move pic
ber move sil
bla move sev
bre hold
bur support mar move gas
cly move nat
con hold
eas hold
gal move ukr
gas move bur
gre support ser move bul
ion hold
kie move hol
lvp move iri
mid move por
mar move gas
mos support war
mun hold
nat move mid
nth move eng
par support gas move bur
rom move nap
rum support gal move ukr
ser move bul
tri move bud
ukr move mos
ven move tri
war hold
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Germany: army/dislodged bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: fleet syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bur move mar
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: fleet syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
bre support par move gas
bud move gal
bul hold
bur move bel
con support aeg move smy
eas support aeg move smy
eng support gas move bre
gas move bre
hol move bel
ion convoy nap move gre
iri move mid
lon move wal
mid move por
mar hold
mos support sev
mun hold
nat move iri
nap move gre
par move gas
pic support gas move bre
por move spa/sc
rum support ukr move sev
sev move bla
sil move boh
tri hold
ukr move sev
war support mos
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: fleet syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove arm
build Army ber
remove bla
build Fleet edi
remove gas
build Army kie
build Army lvp
build Army rom
remove syr
build Army ven
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: fleet syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ber move sil
boh move tyr
bre move par
bul move rum
bur move ruh
con move ank
eas move ion
edi move nrg
eng move mid
gal support tri move vie
gre hold
hol move bel
ion move tys
iri hold
kie move ruh
lvp move edi
mid move wes
mar hold
mos hold
mun support boh move tyr
nap move rom
pic support bre move par
por move spa/sc
rom move ven
rum move bud
smy move aeg
spa/sc move gol
tri move vie
ven move tri
wal move yor
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: fleet syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank hold
bel move eng
bud move vie
bur move mar
edi move nwy via convoy
gal support vie move boh
ion move tun
iri move mid
kie move ber
gol support wes move tys
mid move naf
mar hold
mos hold
mun support sil move boh
nrg convoy edi move nwy
par hold
pic move bel
rom move apu
rum move ukr
sev support rum move ukr
spa/sc move wes
tri support ven move tyr
tyr hold
tys hold
ven move tyr
vie move boh
war move gal
wes move tys
yor move edi
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: fleet syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Germany: army/dislodged tyr
England: fleet tys
Italy: fleet/dislodged tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
tyr move pie
tys move tus
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: fleet syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bur
build Army kie
build Fleet rom
remove syr
build Army ven
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move arm
apu move nap
bel move ruh
ber move pru
boh move sil
edi move nwy via convoy
gal move war
ion support tun
kie move ber
gol support pie move tus
mid move spa/sc
mar move pie
mos support war
mun support sil
naf move tun
nrg convoy edi move nwy
nwy move stp
par move bur
pie move tus
rom move tys
sev move mos
sil support mun
tri move tyr
tun support rom move tys
tus support rom move tys
tyr move pie
tys support pie move tus
ukr support sev move mos
ven support tyr move pie
vie support tri move tyr
war support mos
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Italy: army mos
England: army/dislodged mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet naf
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Italy: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
mos move lvn
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Italy: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet naf
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Italy: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move sev
ber support sil
boh support tyr move mun
bur support mun
eng move mid
gal move war
gre support ion
ion support tun
lvn support stp move mos
gol support mar move pie
mar move pie
mos support gal move war
mun support sil move boh
naf move tun
nap support rom
nwy move fin
pie support ven move tus
pru support war
rom move tys
ruh support mun
sil move boh
spa/sc move mid
stp move mos
tun support rom move tys
tus support mar move pie
tyr move mun
tys support naf move tun
ukr support mos
ven move tus
vie move tyr
war move ukr
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
England: army fin
Italy: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet naf
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Italy: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
England: army fin
Italy: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet naf
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Italy: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber support sil
boh move sil
bur support mun
eng hold
fin move stp
gal move war
gre support ion
ion support tun
lvn support mos
gol move tys
mos hold
mun move tyr
naf move tun
nap move rom
pie support tus move ven
pru support war
rom move tys
ruh support mun
sev move mos
sil hold
spa/sc move gol
tus move ven
tyr move mun
tys move ion
ukr support sev move mos
ven move pie
vie move tyr
war hold
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Germany: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ven move tri
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Germany: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber support sil
boh support vie move tyr
bur support mun
gal support ukr move war
gre move ion
ion move tys
lvn support war
gol support tys move tus
mos hold
mun hold
nap support rom
nrg move nth
pie support ven
pru support war
rom support ion move tys
ruh support mun
sev move mos
sil hold
spa/sc move wes
stp support mos
tri support tyr move ven
tun support wes move tys
tys move tus
ukr move war
ven hold
vie move tyr
war hold
wes move tys
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Germany: fleet tun
Germany: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army kie
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Germany: fleet tun
Germany: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber support sil
boh move sil
bur move mar
eng hold
gal move war
gre move ion
ion move nap
kie support mun
lvn support war
gol support wes move tys
mun hold
nap move apu
pie support ven
pru support war
rom hold
ruh support mun
sev move mos
sil hold
spa/sc move wes
stp support mos
tri move ven
tun support wes move tys
tus support wes move tys
tyr support tri move ven
ukr support gal move war
ven hold
vie support tyr
war hold
wes move tys
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Germany: fleet tun
Germany: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu support rom
ber support sil
boh move mun
eng move mid
gal move war
ion support nap move tys
kie support mun
lvn support war
gol move tus
mar support pie
mos hold
mun move tyr
pie support ven
pru support war
rom support nap move tys
ruh support mun
sev move mos
sil hold
stp support mos
tri move ven
tun move ion
tus move rom
tyr support tri move ven
tys support tun move ion
ukr support gal move war
ven hold
vie move boh
war hold
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Germany: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ion move gre
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Germany: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Germany: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu move ven
ber support sil
boh support tyr move mun
gal move war
gre move ion
ion move aeg
kie support mun
lvn support war
gol move tys
mid move naf
mar hold
mos hold
mun move tyr
nap move tys
pie support ven
pru support war
rom move tus
ruh support mun
sev move mos
sil hold
stp support mos
tri support apu move ven
tus move rom
tyr move mun
tys move ion
ukr move gal
ven hold
vie move tyr
war hold
wes support gol move tys
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Germany: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Germany: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun move bur
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Germany: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Germany: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move con
apu support tri move ven
ber move sil
boh support mun
bur support ruh move mun
gal move war
gre move ion
kie support ruh move mun
lvn support war
gol support wes move tys
mar move pie
mos hold
naf move tun
nap support gre move ion
pie move tyr
pru support ber move sil
ruh move mun
sev move mos
sil move gal
stp support mos
tus support tys move rom
tyr support tri move ven
tys move rom
ukr support gal move war
ven support pie move tyr
war support sil move gal
wes move tys
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Germany: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Italy: army/dislodged gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
Italy: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
England: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Germany: fleet tun
Germany: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army/dislodged tyr
England: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
mun move ber
tyr move vie
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Germany: fleet con
Germany: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Germany: fleet tun
Germany: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Army lon
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Germany: fleet con
Germany: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Germany: fleet tun
Germany: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
apu move ven
boh move vie
bur support mun
con move bla
gal move ukr
ion support nap
kie support pru move ber
lon move bel via convoy
lvn move mos
gol move tus
mos move sev
mun support kie move ber
nap support ion
nth convoy lon move bel
pie move tyr
pru move ber
rom move nap
sev support ukr move rum
sil support tyr move boh
stp support lvn move mos
tri support apu move ven
tun move ion
tus move rom
tys support rom move nap
ukr move rum
ven support pie move tyr
vie move bud
war support gal move ukr
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Germany: fleet bla
Germany: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Germany: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nap
Italy: fleet/dislodged nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Germany: fleet tun
Germany: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
nap move apu
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Germany: fleet bla
Germany: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Germany: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Germany: fleet tun
Germany: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
apu support ion move nap
bel move ruh
bla support mos move sev
bud support sev move rum
bur hold
edi move bel via convoy
ion move nap
kie move mun
lvn move pru
mos support ukr move sev
mun support sil move boh
nap move ion
nth convoy edi move bel
pie support tyr move ven
rom move nap
rum move bul
sev move rum
sil support mun move boh
stp move lvn
tri support ven
tun support nap move ion
tus move rom
tyr move ven
tys support rom move nap
ukr support mos move sev
ven support vie move tyr
vie move tyr
war move gal
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Germany: fleet bla
Germany: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Germany: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
England: army pru
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
England: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Germany: fleet tun
Germany: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Germany: army/dislodged tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
tyr move boh
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Germany: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
England: army pru
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
England: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Germany: fleet tun
Germany: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet lon
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Germany: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
England: army pru
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
England: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Germany: fleet tun
Germany: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
apu support ion move nap
bel move ruh
bla support mos move sev
boh support mun move tyr
bud support tri move vie
bul move con
gal support ukr move rum
ion move nap
lon move eng
lvn move mos
mos move sev
mun move tyr
nap move ion
pie support mun move tyr
rom move nap
ruh move mun
rum move sev
tri move vie
tun move ion
tus support pie
tyr support ven
tys support nap move ion
ukr move rum
ven move rom
PHASE 1913 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: army con
Germany: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
England: army pru
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
England: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Italy: army/dislodged rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
England: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Germany: fleet tun
Germany: supply tun
England: fleet tus
England: army tyr
Italy: army/dislodged tyr
England: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
rum move bul
tyr move tri
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: army con
Germany: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
England: army pru
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
England: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
England: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Germany: fleet tun
Germany: supply tun
England: fleet tus
England: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
apu support ion move nap
bla move ank
boh support tyr move vie
bud support bul move rum
bul move rum
con hold
gal support tyr move vie
ion move nap
mos move sev
mun support tyr
nap move apu
pie support mun move tyr
pru move lvn
rom move nap
rum move ser
sev move arm
tri support vie
tun move ion
tus move rom
tyr hold
tys support tun move ion
ven move rom
vie support tri
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Germany: fleet ank
Germany: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
England: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Germany: supply tun
England: fleet tus
England: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army lon
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Germany: fleet ank
Germany: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
England: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Germany: supply tun
England: fleet tus
England: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
apu support nap move ion
arm move smy
ber move sil
boh support tyr move vie
bud support vie
con move smy
gal support tyr move vie
ion move gre
lon move bel via convoy
lvn move mos
mun move tyr
nap move ion
nth convoy lon move bel
pie support mun move tyr
rom support tys move nap
ruh move mun
rum support bud
ser move tri
sil move war
tus support pie
tyr move vie
tys move nap
ven support tri move tyr
vie support tri move tyr
PHASE 1914 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Germany: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Germany: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Germany: supply tun
England: fleet tus
England: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
England: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
apu move ion
arm move smy
bel move ruh
bla support ser move bul
boh support mun move tyr
bud support tri move vie
con move ank
eng move mid
gal move bud
gre support ser move bul
ion move tun
mos move ukr
mun move tyr
nap hold
pie support tyr move ven
rom support nap
rum hold
ser move bul
sev support mos move ukr
tri move vie
tus move tys
tyr move ven
ven move tyr
vie support gal move bud
PHASE 1914 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Germany: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Germany: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
England: supply mos
England: supply mun
England: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
England: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Germany: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: army smy
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Germany: supply tun
England: army tyr
England: fleet tys
England: army ukr
England: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
England: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ven move tus
PHASE 1914 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Germany: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Germany: fleet gre
Germany: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
England: supply mos
England: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
England: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Germany: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: army smy
England: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
England: army tyr
England: fleet tys
England: army ukr
England: army ven
England: supply ven
England: army vie
England: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove ank
build Army ber
build Fleet edi
build Army lon
build Army lvp
PHASE 1915 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Germany: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Germany: fleet gre
Germany: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
England: supply mos
England: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
England: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Germany: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: army smy
England: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
England: army tyr
England: fleet tys
England: army ukr
England: army ven
England: supply ven
England: army vie
England: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
