PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move hol
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move bur
nap move ion
par hold
rom move ven
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move pie
vie move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move con
bot move swe
bur support pie move mar
con move smy
eng move bel
hol hold
ion move tun
kie move den
mid move por
nth convoy yor move nwy
par move bur
pie move mar
ser support alb move gre
sev support ukr move rum
spa move mar
ukr move rum
vie move tri
war move gal
yor move nwy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
build Army bre
build Army bud
build Fleet edi
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
bel move eng
bre move pic
bud support vie move gal
bul support rum
bur move gas
con move aeg
den hold
edi move nrg
gal move boh
gre support ser move bul
hol hold
kie move ruh
lon move wal
mar move gol
mos move stp
mun move bur
nap move tys
nth convoy nwy move bel
nwy move bel
par move bur
pie move mar
por move mid
rum support bul
ser move bul
sev support rum
smy move ank
spa move mar
swe move bot
tri support bud
tun move wes
vie move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
ank move con
bel support ruh move bur
boh support war move gal
bot move bot
bud support tri move vie
bul support aeg move gre
con move aeg
den move swe
eng move mid
gal move ukr
gas move mar
gre hold
hol move kie
gol move mar
mid move naf
mun support ruh move bur
nth support bel
nrg move nat
par support pic move bur
pic move bur
pie support gas move mar
ruh move bur
rum support war move gal
ser support gre
sev support rum
spa support gol move mar
stp move mos
tri move vie
tys move ion
wal move eng
war move gal
wes move gol
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove boh
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
ank move con
bel move bre
ber move pru
bot move fin
bud support ukr move rum
bul support aeg move gre
bur support gas move par
con move smy
eng convoy bel move bre
gal move war
gas move par
gre hold
ion move tun
kie move bal
gol move tys
mid move por
mos move ukr
mun move sil
naf move wes
nat move mid
nth move bel
par move gas
pic move bur
pie move mar
rum support mos move ukr
ser support gre
sev support rum
spa move mar
swe move fin
ukr move rum
vie move gal
wes move tys
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
England: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal move bot
bel move nth
bot move fin
bre support gas move par
bud move rum
bul support rum
bur support pie move mar
con support bul
eng move mid
gal support bud move rum
gas move par
gre hold
gol move tys
mid move spa/sc
naf move wes
par move bur
pic support par move bur
pie move mar
por support mid move spa
pru move war
ser support bud move rum
sev support rum
sil support pru move war
smy move aeg
spa move mar
swe hold
tun hold
ukr support war
war hold
wes move tys
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
England: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Germany: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army/dislodged spa
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bur move ruh
spa disband
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Fleet lvp
remove gol
remove naf
remove pic
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg convoy con move gre
bot support swe move fin
bre move gas
bud move rum
bul move ser
bur move bel
con move gre via convoy
edi move nth
fin move stp/sc
gal move bud
gre move aeg
ion support con move gre
kie move mun
lon move eng
lvp move iri
mid move wes
nth move nwy
par move gas
pie move mar
por move mid
pru move war
ruh move bel
ser move bul
sev support rum
sil support pru move war
spa/sc move mar
swe move fin
tri move adr
tun move wes
ukr support war
ven move tyr
wes move gol
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Austria: fleet/dislodged gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gre move alb
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr hold
aeg move ion
alb hold
bot support fin move stp
bre move gas
bud move vie
bul support gre
bur move mar
eng move bre
fin move stp
gal move boh
gre support bul
ion move tys
iri move eng
gol support pie move mar
mid move naf
mun support par move bur
nth support nwy
nwy hold
par move bur
pie move mar
por move mid
pru move war
ruh move bel
ser move tri
sev support rum
sil support pru move war
spa/sc support bur move mar
tun move wes
tyr move mun
ukr support war
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet/dislodged stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
stp/sc move lvn
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove adr
remove alb
build Army ber
build Fleet con
build Army kie
remove nth
remove sev
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move ion
bel support par move bur
ber move pru
boh support tyr move mun
bot move swe
bul support gre
bur move ruh
con move aeg
eng move mid
gas support spa/sc
gre support bul
ion move tys
kie support mun
lvn move pru
gol support pie move mar
mid move wes
mun support sil
naf support mid move wes
par move bur
pie move mar
pru move war
rum move sev
sil support pru move war
spa/sc support mid move wes
stp move mos
tri move vie
tyr move mun
tys move wes
ukr move mos
vie move gal
war move sil
wes move tun
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bel move hol
ber move pru
boh move sil
bre move mid
bul move ser
bur support gas move mar
gal support ukr move war
gas move mar
gre move nap via convoy
ion convoy gre move nap
kie support mun
lvn move pru
gol support mar move spa
mid move wes
mar move spa
mun support sil
naf support wes move tun
ruh move kie
sev support ukr move mos
sil support war
spa/sc support gas move mar
stp move mos
swe hold
tun support tys move wes
tyr move mun
tys move rom
ukr move mos
vie hold
war support ber move pru
wes move tun
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
England: supply spa
England: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
Italy: fleet/dislodged tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
tun disband
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove alb
build Army ank
build Army ber
build Army con
build Fleet edi
build Fleet lon
remove ruh
build Fleet smy
spa/sc move por
remove tyr
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move con
ber support sil
boh move vie
bur move mun
con move bul
edi move nth
gal move bud
gre move ion
hol move ruh
ion move nap
kie hold
lon move eng
lvn move stp/sc
gol move mar
mid move por
mar support wes move spa
mos support lvn move stp
mun move boh
naf move mid
nap move rom
nwy move nrg
pru move lvn
rom move tus
ser move tri
sev move ukr
sil support mun move boh
smy move aeg
spa move gas
stp support pru move lvn
swe move bal
vie move tri
war move mos
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Austria: army/dislodged boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Russia: fleet/dislodged lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
boh move gal
lvn move bot
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
bal move swe
ber move mun
boh support sil move gal
bot move stp/sc
bud move vie
bul move ser
con move bul
eng move bel
gal move rum
gas move par
ion move adr
kie move den
lvn move mos
gol move wes
mid move bre
mar support spa/sc
mun move tyr
nap move apu
nth support eng move bel
nrg move nwy
por move mid
rom move ven
ruh move bel
ser move alb
sil move gal
spa/sc support mar
stp support lvn move mos
tus move rom
ukr support mos
vie move tyr
war support lvn move mos
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
England: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove ber
remove bot
build Fleet edi
build Army lon
remove lvn
build Army tri
remove wes
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
England: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ser move tri
alb support ser move tri
ank move con
apu move ion
bel support lon move hol
boh move vie
bre hold
bud support tri move ser
bul move ser
con move bla
edi move nrg
gal support boh move vie
lon move hol via convoy
mid move eng
mar move bur
mos support ukr
mun move bur
nth convoy lon move hol
nwy move stp/nc
par move bur
rom move tys
ruh move hol
rum support tri move ser
ser move tri
spa/sc move mar
stp support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tri move ser
ukr support mos
ven support ser move tri
vie move tyr
war support gal
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
England: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
nwy move ska
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
England: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
alb move ser
bel move hol
bla support ser move rum
bre hold
bud move ser
con move bul
den move swe
eng move mid
gal move ukr
hol move kie
ion move tun
mar move bur
mos move war
mun move kie
nth support ska move den
nrg move nwy
nwy move swe
par move bur
ruh move kie
rum support bud move ser
ser move rum
ska move den
spa/sc move wes
stp support war move mos
tri support alb move ser
tun support spa/sc move wes
tyr move tri
tys move wes
ukr move sev
ven support tri
vie hold
war move mos
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
England: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
mos disband
rum disband
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
England: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet ber
build Army con
build Fleet edi
build Army kie
remove tyr
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
England: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
alb move ser
ank move arm
bel support hol
ber move bal
bla support sev
bud move ser
bul move rum
con move bul
den support nth move ska
edi move nth
ion support tys move tun
kie move hol
mid move wes
mar move bur
mos move sev
mun move kie
nth move ska
nrg move nwy
nwy move swe
par move bur
ruh support kie move hol
rum move gal
spa/sc move mar
stp move nwy
tri support ven move tyr
tun support mid move wes
tys move tun
ukr support mos move sev
ven move tyr
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
England: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
England: fleet/dislodged tun
England: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
tun move naf
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
England: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move apu
alb move ser
arm support sev
bal move den
bel support hol
bla support sev
bul support alb move ser
den support ska move swe
gal move bud
hol hold
ion support tun
kie support bal move den
mar move bur
mos move war
mun move bur
naf move tun
nth support nrg move nwy
nrg move nwy
par move bur
ruh support mun move bur
rum support gal move bud
ska support ska move swe
spa/sc move mar
stp move nwy
swe support bal move den
tri support tyr move vie
tyr move vie
ukr move gal
vie support ukr move gal
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: fleet/dislodged den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
England: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Germany: army/dislodged vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
den move hel
vie move boh
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
England: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
England: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
