PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
bre move mid
con move bul
edi move nrg
lon move nth
lvp move edi via convoy
mar move spa
mos move ukr
par move bur
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
war move sil
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bot move swe
bul move ser
bur move bel
con move bul
edi move nwy via convoy
mid move spa/sc
nth move ska
nrg hold
sil move gal
spa move por
ukr move sev
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army con
build Fleet mar
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/sc
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move hol
bla support bul move rum
bre move eng
bul move rum
con move bul
edi move nwy via convoy
gal move bud
mar move gol
nrg convoy edi move nwy
par move bur
por move spa
rum move bla
ser support bul move rum
sev move rum
ska support edi move nwy
smy move aeg
spa/sc move wes
stp/sc move bot
swe move nwy
war move sil
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bla support rum move sev
bul move rum
bur move ruh
eng move nth
hol move kie
gol move tys
nrg move bar
nwy hold
rum move sev
ser support bul move rum
sil move boh
ska move den
spa move mar
swe hold
wes move tun
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
France: army hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: army nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
sev move ukr
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove boh
build Fleet bre
build Fleet con
build Army par
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
bar move nrg
bla support rum
bot move stp/sc
bre move mid
con move aeg
den move ska
gal move rum
gre move ion
hol move kie
mar move pie
nth move hel
nwy hold
par move bur
ruh support hol move kie
rum support ser move bud
ser move bud
smy move eas
swe move nwy
tun move ion
tys support tun move ion
ukr support gal move rum
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
Germany: fleet/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
bla support rum
bur move ruh
con move bul
eas move ion
gre support aeg move ion
hel hold
ion move nap
kie support ruh move mun
mid move wes
nrg move nth
nwy support ska move swe
pie move tus
ruh move mun
rum support ser move bud
ser move bud
sev move mos
ska move swe
tys support ion move nap
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: fleet/dislodged nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bre
build Army con
build Fleet edi
build Fleet lon
build Army lvp
build Fleet mar
build Army par
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bla move sev
bre move pic
bud support rum move gal
bul move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
gre move alb
ion move adr
kie move ber
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar move gol
mun support kie move ber
nap support tus move rom
nth move ska
nwy move fin
par move bur
ruh move kie
rum move gal
smy move aeg
swe move bot
tus move rom
tys support wes move tun
wes move tun
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: army/dislodged ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: army rom
Italy: army/dislodged rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move apu
aeg support ion
alb move adr
ber move sil
bud support ser move tri
bul move rum
bur move mun
edi move nwy via convoy
gal move war
hel hold
ion support adr move apu
kie move ber
gol move tys
mos support stp/sc
mun move tyr
nap support tys move ion
nth move ska
nrg convoy edi move nwy
pic move bur
rom hold
ser move tri
sev support bul move rum
ska move swe
tun support tys move ion
tys move ion
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ion
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: fleet/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ion move gre
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
build Army con
build Fleet mar
build Army par
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
adr support apu
aeg support gre move ion
apu support gre move ion
ber move pru
bot support fin move stp
bud move vie
bur move mun
con move bul
fin move stp
gre move ion
hel move kie
mar move gol
mos support stp/sc
mun move boh
nap move apu
nwy support fin move stp
par move bur
rom support nap move apu
rum move gal
sev move bla
sil support ber move pru
ska move den
smy move eas
tri support bud move vie
tun support ion
tyr move tri
tys move nap
war hold
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet/dislodged stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven
aeg support apu move ion
apu move ion
bla hold
boh move gal
bot hold
bud move vie
bul move ser
bur move mar
den move bal
eas support apu move ion
gal support war
gre support apu move ion
ion support nap move apu
kie move ber
gol move wes
mos support war
mun move boh
nap move apu
nwy move swe
pru move war
rom support nap move apu
sil support pru move war
swe move nwy
tri support bud move vie
tun support ion
tyr move tri
tys support ion
war support mos
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: fleet ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet/dislodged ion
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ion move nap
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: fleet ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army edi
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: fleet ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ven
aeg support ion
apu support rom move ven
ber move pru
boh move gal
bud move vie
eas support ion
edi move nwy via convoy
gal support war
gre support ion
ion support adr
mar move pie
mos support war
mun move boh
nap support tys move ion
nrg convoy edi move nwy
nwy move fin
pru move war
rom move ven
ser support tri
sil support pru move war
tri support bud move vie
tun support tys move ion
tyr support rom move ven
tys move ion
wes support tys
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: fleet ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
France: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: fleet ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
France: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri
aeg support ion
apu support tys move ion
ber support pru
boh move gal
eas support ion
fin move stp
gal support war
gre support ion
ion support adr
mos support war
mun support tyr
nwy move fin
pie support ven
pru move war
ser support tri
sil support pru move war
stp move lvn
tri support vie
tun support tys move ion
tyr support ven move tri
tys move ion
ven move tri
vie support gal
war support mos
wes move tys
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: fleet ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
France: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
build Army par
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: fleet ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
France: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri
aeg support ion
apu move adr
bla convoy con move sev
boh move gal
con move sev via convoy
eas support ion
fin move stp
gal support war
gre support ion
ion support adr
lvn support stp move mos
mos support war
mun move tyr
nap support tys move ion
par move bur
pie support ven
pru move war
ser support tri
sil support pru move war
stp move mos
tri support vie
tun support tys move ion
tyr move tri
tys move ion
ven support tyr move tri
vie support gal
war support mos
wes move tys
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: fleet ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Turkey: army/dislodged mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
France: army war
Turkey: army/dislodged war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
mos move ukr
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: fleet ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
France: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ion
aeg support ion
apu support tys move ion
bla support sev
boh move vie
bur move mar
eas support ion
gal support vie
gre move alb
ion support adr
lvn move mos
mos move ukr
mun support tyr
nap support tys move ion
pie move ven
ser support tri
sev support ukr
sil support war
stp move lvn
tri support vie
tun support tys move ion
tyr support boh move vie
tys move ion
ukr support gal
ven move tri
vie support tri
war support mos move ukr
wes move gol
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: fleet ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
ORDERS
remove bla
build Fleet bre
build Army edi
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: fleet ber
France: supply ber
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
aeg support ion
alb support ion
apu move ven
bal move bot
boh move vie
bot move stp/sc
bre move mid
eas support ion
gal support vie
ion support adr
gol move tys
mos move ukr
mun support tyr
nap move apu
pie support apu move ven
ser support tri
sev support ukr
sil support war
stp move mos
tri support vie
tun move ion
tyr support boh move vie
tys move nap
ukr support gal
ven move tus
vie support gal
war support mos move ukr
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: fleet ber
France: supply ber
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: fleet ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
ORDERS
adr support eas move ion
aeg support eas move ion
alb support adr
apu support ven move adr
boh move gal
eas move ion
gal support vie
ion move tun
mar move pie
mun move boh
nap support tys move ion
pie move ven
ser support tri
sev support ukr
sil support war
tri support vie
tun support tys move ion
tus support pie move ven
tyr move tri
tys move ion
ukr support gal
ven move adr
vie support gal
war support boh move gal
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: fleet ber
France: supply ber
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ion
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
France: fleet ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
ORDERS
ion move gre
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: fleet ber
France: supply ber
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
France: fleet ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg support gre move ion
alb support adr
apu support ion
ber move kie
boh move vie
eas support gre move ion
gal move war
gre move ion
ion hold
mid move eng
mar hold
mun support sil move boh
nap support ion
pie support tyr
ser support tri
sev support ukr
sil move boh
tri support adr move ven
tun support ion
tus hold
tyr support boh move vie
ukr support gal move war
ven move tri
vie support gal
war move gal
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
Turkey: army/dislodged vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
France: army/dislodged war
France: supply war
ORDERS
vie move bud
war move sil
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
France: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre move ion
alb support ven move adr
apu move adr
boh support vie
bud move vie
eas support gre move ion
eng move lon
gre move ion
ion support apu move adr
kie move den
mar move pie
mun move tyr
nap support ion
pie move ven
ser support tri
sev move mos
sil move war
tri support bud move vie
tun support ion
tus support pie move ven
tyr move tri
ukr support sev move mos
ven move adr
vie support tyr move tri
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army con
build Fleet mar
build Army par
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
aeg support alb move ion
alb move ion
apu support ion
boh move gal
bre move mid
bud move vie
con move bul
den move nth
eas support alb move ion
gre support alb move ion
lon move wal
mar move gol
mun move boh
nap support ion
par move bur
pie move ven
ser support tri
sil support boh move gal
tri support bud move vie
tun support ion
tus support pie move ven
tyr support ven move tri
ukr move war
ven move tri
vie support ven move tri
war move lvn
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
aeg support alb move ion
alb move ion
apu support ion
boh support vie
bud support tri
bul move rum
bur move mun
eas support alb move ion
gal support sil move war
gre support alb move ion
ion hold
lvn support war
gol move tys
mid move wes
mos support war
nap support ion
nth move nwy
pie support ven
ser support bud
sil move war
tri support bud
tun support ion
tus hold
tyr move tri
ven support tyr move tri
vie support tyr move tri
wal move lvp
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
