PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar hold
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nap move tys
par move pic
rom support ven
sev move rum
smy hold
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven hold
vie move bud
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
bot move swe
bud support ser
bul move gre
con move bul/ec
hol move hel
kie move den
mid hold
mar move spa
nth convoy yor move nwy
nrg support yor move nwy
pic move bel
rom move tun via convoy
ruh move hol
rum hold
ser support alb move gre
smy move ank
stp move fin
tys convoy rom move tun
ukr support rum
ven hold
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
build Fleet nap
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/sc
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank hold
bel hold
ber move mun
bre move eng
bud support ser
bul hold
con support bul
den hold
fin support swe move nwy
gre move bul/sc
hel move nth
hol move ruh
kie move hol
mid support bre move eng
mar hold
nap move ion
rum move sev
ser support gre move bul
smy move aeg
spa hold
stp/sc hold
swe move nwy
tri move alb
tun hold
tys move wes
ukr move rum
ven move tus
vie hold
war move ukr
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb move ion
ank move smy
bel hold
bud move ser
bul support rum move ser
con support bul
den hold
eng support hol move nth
fin support nwy
gre move aeg
hel support hol move nth
hol move nth
ion move eas
lon support nth
mid support mar move spa
mar move spa/sc
mun move tyr
nth support nrg
nrg support nth
nwy support hol move nth
ruh move mun
rum move ser
ser move alb
sev support rum
spa move por
stp/sc move bot
tus hold
ukr move gal
vie move bud
wes move naf
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nth move edi
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove gre
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
build Army war
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
alb move ser
bel hold
bot move swe
bud support alb move ser
bul support alb move ser
con move bla
den move yor via convoy
eas convoy tun move syr
edi support nrg move nth
eng convoy por move wal
fin move stp
gal move bud
hel support nth
ion convoy tun move syr
lon move wal
mid convoy por move wal
mar move gol
mos move sev
mun move boh
naf move wes
nth convoy den move yor
nrg move nth
nwy support nth
por move wal via convoy
ser support gal move bud
sev move rum
smy move ank
spa/sc move wes
tun move syr via convoy
tus move ven
tyr move vie
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: army/dislodged ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
ser move gre
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
ank support con move smy
bel move lon via convoy
bla support bul move rum
boh support vie
bud support bul move rum
bul move rum
con move smy
eas move smy
edi support eng move nth
eng support bel move lon
gal move bud
gre move bul
hel support nth
ion move gre
lon support eng move nth
gol support spa/sc move wes
mid move naf
naf move tun
nth convoy bel move lon
nrg support eng move nth
nwy support nth
por move spa
rum support gre move bul
ser support ion move gre
sev support rum
spa/sc move wes
stp move mos
swe move ska
syr support eas move smy
tri move alb
ven move tyr
vie support gal move bud
war move ukr
yor move lvp
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
England: fleet/dislodged lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bud move tri
lon disband
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove alb
build Army ber
build Army mar
build Army mun
remove nrg
build Army war
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move mun
bla support con move bul
boh support mun move tyr
bud move ser
bul support bud move ser
con move bul/sc
eas move aeg
edi move yor
eng convoy lon move bel
gre support con move bul
hel support nth
lon move bel via convoy
lvp move edi
gol convoy spa move tus
mar move pie
mos move sev
mun move tyr
naf move tun
nth support lvp move edi
nwy move nrg
rum support bul
ser support con move bul
sev move arm
ska move nwy
spa move tus via convoy
syr move arm
tri move vie
tun move ion
tyr move ven
ukr support rum
vie support mun move tyr
war move gal
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank support syr move arm
bel hold
bla support bul/sc
boh move mun
bud support vie move tri
bul/sc hold
edi move lvp
eng move lon
gal support rum
gre move alb
hel move hol
ion move adr
gol move tys
mos move sev
mun move tyr
nth support nrg move edi
nrg move edi
nwy move nrg
pie move ven
rum move bla
ser support tri
sev move arm
syr move arm
tri support ser
tun hold
tus move rom
tyr move tri
ukr support rum
vie support tyr move tri
wes support gol move tys
yor move lon
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
remove adr
build Fleet bre
build Army con
remove ion
build Army mar
build Army war
remove yor
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move tri
bel hold
boh move vie
bre move mid
bud support vie move tri
edi move nrg
eng support bel
gal support sev move rum
hol move nth
lvp move yor
mar move pie
mos support rum move sev
mun hold
nth move hel
nrg move nat
pie move ven
rom support pie move ven
rum move sev
ser support tri move bud
sev move rum
tri move bud
tun move ion
tyr support vie move tri
tys support tun move ion
ukr support rum move sev
vie move tri
wes move tun
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
alb move tri
ank move smy
arm move sev
bel hold
bla support bud move rum
bud support alb move tri
bul/sc move con
con move bul
eng support bel
gal support vie move bud
hel hold
ion move gre
mid support eng
mos support sev
mun move tyr
nat move nrg
nth convoy yor move hol
nrg move nwy
pie support ven
rom move apu
rum hold
ser support bud
sev support rum
tri support vie move bud
tun move ion
tyr move vie
tys move nap
ukr support rum
ven support pie
vie move bud
yor move hol via convoy
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
Italy: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove arm
build Fleet bre
remove bud
build Army kie
build Fleet mar
build Army par
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb support ser move gre
apu hold
bel hold
bla move rum
bre move mid
bul/sc hold
con support bul/sc
eng support bel
gal move rum
gre support nap move ion
hel move den
hol move kie
ion move eas
kie move ber
mid move wes
mar move gol
mos support rum move sev
mun hold
nap move ion
nth move hol
par move bre
pie support ven
rum move sev
ser move gre
sev move arm
smy hold
tri support vie move bud
tyr move vie
ukr support gal move rum
ven support pie
vie move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
France: fleet/dislodged gre
France: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
gre move aeg
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
France: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg convoy apu move smy
alb support gre
apu move smy via convoy
arm move ank
bel hold
ber move sil
bla support con move ank
bre hold
bud support tri move ser
con move ank
den hold
eas support apu move smy
eng support bel
gal move rum
gre support alb
hol hold
ion convoy apu move smy
kie hold
gol move tys
mid hold
mos move sev
mun move boh
nrg move nwy
nwy move swe
pie support ven
rum move bul
sev move bla
smy move syr
tri move ser
ven support pie
vie move tri
wes hold
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
France: army smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove alb
build Army mun
remove syr
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
France: army smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move con
arm move ank
bel hold
bla move sev
boh move vie
bre move gas
bud move tri
bul/sc hold
con move ank
den hold
eas move aeg
eng support bel
gal support ukr move rum
gre hold
hol hold
ion move gre
kie hold
mid hold
mun hold
pie support ven
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sev move bla
sil move boh
smy support aeg move con
tri move alb
tys move ion
ukr move rum
ven support pie
wes hold
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Germany: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb support ion move gre
arm move ank
bel hold
boh move vie
bul move gre
con support smy move ank
den hold
eng move nth
gas move bur
gre hold
hol hold
ion move adr
kie hold
mid move eng
mun hold
pie support ven
ser support aeg move gre
sev move bla
smy move ank
tri hold
tys move ion
ven support pie
vie move bud
wes move mid
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Germany: army alb
France: army ank
France: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet con
France: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove bla
build Fleet bre
build Army mar
build Army par
build Army stp
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Germany: army alb
France: army ank
France: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet con
France: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
alb hold
ank move con
arm move sev
bel support nth move hol
ber hold
bre move eng
bud hold
bul support rum
bur move ruh
con move bla
den hold
eng move lon
gal support rum
gre hold
hol hold
ion move aeg
kie hold
mid move nat
mar move pie
mos move ukr
mun hold
nth move hol
par move bur
pie move tus
rum support bul
ser hold
sev move bla
stp move mos
tri hold
ven move tri
vie hold
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Germany: army alb
France: army ank
France: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet con
France: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
France: fleet hol
Germany: fleet/dislodged hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
Germany: army/dislodged tri
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Russia: army ukr
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
hol move hel
tri move tyr
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Germany: army alb
France: army ank
France: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet con
France: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
