PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar hold
mos move sev
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move apu
sev move rum
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move pie
vie move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
apu move ven
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
bot move swe
bud support bul move rum
bul move rum
den move swe
edi move nwy via convoy
gal move rum
ion move tun
kie move hol
mid move por
mar move spa
nth move hol
nrg convoy edi move nwy
pic move bur
pie move mar
ruh support kie move hol
rum move bla
ser support bul move rum
sev support gal move rum
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
build Fleet bre
build Army con
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
ber move bal
bla support arm move sev
bot move swe
bre move mid
bud move gal
bur support spa move mar
con hold
den move swe
gal move rum
gre move ion
hol move bel
kie support ber move bal
lon support nrg move nth
mar move gas
nap move tys
nth move ska
nrg move nth
nwy support bot move swe
por move spa/sc
rom move ven
ruh support hol move bel
rum hold
ser move tri
sev support gal move rum
spa move mar
tri move adr
tun move wes
ven move pie
vie move tyr
war move sil
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
sev move mos
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
bal move swe
bel hold
bla move rum
bur move par
con move bul
den support bal move swe
gal move vie
gas move bre
ion move tun
kie move ber
lon move nth
mid move bre
mar move bur
mos move sev
nth move den
nwy support swe
pie support ven
ruh move mun
rum move ukr
sev move rum
sil move ber
ska support nth move den
spa/sc hold
swe support nth move den
tri move ven
tyr support tri move ven
tys move gol
ven hold
wes support tys move gol
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
den disband
ven move rom
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army con
build Fleet lon
remove gol
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/sc
build Army tri
remove wes
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
bal move bot
bel move hol
ber support mun move sil
bud move vie
bul move rum
bur move mar
con move bul
den move bal
gas move spa
kie move hol
lon move eng
mid move bre
mos move lvn
mun move sil
nth support ska move den
par move gas
pie move mar
rom hold
sev move mos
sil move pru
ska move den
smy move aeg
spa/sc support bur move mar
stp/sc move bot
swe support den move bal
tri support tyr move ven
tun move tys
tyr move ven
ukr support sev move mos
ven move apu
vie move boh
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
apu move rom
bal move kie
bel move hol
ber move pru
bla hold
boh move mun
bre hold
bul support aeg move gre
bur move mar
den support bal move kie
eng move bel
gas move spa
ion move gre
kie move hol
lvn support mos move war
mos support ukr move war
nth support eng move bel
nwy move swe
par support bre
pie support rom move ven
pru move ber
rom move ven
rum move ser
sil move mun
spa/sc support bur move mar
stp/sc support lvn
swe support den
tri move ser
tys support apu move rom
ukr move war
ven support apu move rom
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army/dislodged bel
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
Germany: fleet/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Austria: army/dislodged ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel disband
kie disband
ven move tyr
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove boh
build Army con
build Fleet edi
build Army lon
build Army mun
remove pie
build Fleet smy
remove stp/sc
remove swe
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
ank move sev via convoy
bel hold
ber support mun move kie
bla convoy ank move sev
bre move gas
bul move ser
con move bul
den support kie
edi move nrg
gas move bur
gre move aeg
ion move aeg
lon move hol via convoy
lvn move war
mos support war
mun move kie
nth convoy lon move hol
nwy move swe
par support bre move gas
pru support lvn move war
rom move ven
rum support bul move ser
sil move pru
smy move aeg
tri move alb
tyr move tri
tys move nap
ven move tri
vie move bud
war hold
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
alb support bud move ser
ber support mun move kie
bla move con
bud move ser
bul support gre
bur move bel
den move bal
gre hold
hol support kie
ion move aeg
lvn support pru move war
mar move bur
mos support war
mun move kie
nrg move nwy
par support mar move bur
pru move war
rom move ven
rum support ser move bud
ser move bud
sev move ukr
sil move pru
smy move aeg
spa/sc move wes
swe hold
tyr support rom move ven
ven move tri
war hold
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bur move ruh
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
build Army edi
build Army lon
build Fleet mar
remove pru
remove ruh
remove sil
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move tri
ank move con
bal support kie move ber
ber move kie
bud move vie
bul support gre
bur move mun
con move aeg
edi move hol via convoy
gas move mid
gre hold
hol move kie
ion move adr
kie move ber
lon hold
lvn support nwy move stp
mar move gol
mos hold
mun support ber move kie
nap move apu
nth convoy edi move hol
nwy move stp/nc
rum support ser move bud
ser move bud
smy support con move aeg
swe move den
tri move ven
tyr support alb move tri
ukr move gal
ven support alb move tri
war support ukr move gal
wes move tun
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army/dislodged ber
England: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
ber move sil
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg move ion
apu move ven
bal convoy den move pru
ber support den move pru
bud hold
bul support rum move ser
bur move mar
con move aeg
den move pru via convoy
gal support bud
gre support aeg move ion
hol move ruh
kie support ber
lon move hol via convoy
lvn support sil move war
gol move tys
mos support war
mun move ber
nth convoy lon move hol
par move bur
rum move ser
sil support mun move ber
smy move eas
tri move vie
tyr support vie move boh
ven move pie
vie move boh
war support mos
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army con
build Army edi
build Army lon
remove lvn
remove pie
remove sil
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
aeg convoy con move apu
bal move lvn
boh support vie
bre move mid
bud move tri
bul move rum
bur hold
con move apu via convoy
eas hold
edi move yor
gal hold
gre move alb
hol move ruh
ion convoy con move apu
kie support ruh move mun
lon move hol via convoy
mid move wes
mar move pie
mos hold
nth convoy lon move hol
pru move sil
ruh move mun
ser support bud move tri
tri move alb
tun hold
tyr move tri
tys move nap
ven move apu
vie support tyr move tri
war support gal
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg convoy con move nap
bel move pic
boh move mun
bud move vie
bur hold
con move nap via convoy
eas hold
gal support bud move vie
gre move alb
hol move bel
ion convoy con move nap
kie move ruh
lvn move stp/sc
mid move wes
mos support war
mun support ruh move bur
nap hold
nth move eng
pie move tus
ruh move bur
rum move bud
ser support gre move alb
stp/nc move nwy
tri move alb
tun support wes move tys
tyr support boh move mun
ven move tri
vie support ven move tri
war support gal
wes move tys
yor move wal
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
vie move boh
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
England: army wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove boh
build Fleet bre
build Fleet lvp
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
England: army wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb support ser move tri
bel move bur
bre hold
bud support ser move tri
bur move pic
con move bul
eas move ion
eng convoy wal move bre
gal move boh
ion move adr
kie support sil move mun
lvp move iri
mos support war
nap move rom
pic support wal move bre
ruh support bel move bur
ser move tri
sil move mun
smy move aeg
tus move pie
tys move wes
vie support ser move tri
wal move bre via convoy
war hold
wes move mid
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
England: army wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bur move par
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
England: army wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
aeg hold
alb move ion
boh support vie move tyr
bre support mid
bud move tri
bul move ser
bur move par
eng move mid
gre support alb move ion
ion move tys
iri support eng move mid
kie support mun
mid support bre
mos support war
mun hold
nwy hold
par support bre
pic move bel
pie move mar
ruh move bur
stp/sc hold
tri move ven
tun move naf
tyr move tri
ven support tyr move tri
vie move tyr
war hold
wes support mid
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet naf
France: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Austria: army/dislodged tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Austria: fleet/dislodged ven
Austria: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
England: army wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
tyr move pie
ven move apu
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet naf
France: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
England: army wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove apu
build Army con
build Fleet lvp
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet naf
France: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
England: army wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr convoy con move tri
aeg convoy con move tri
bel move pic
boh support tyr
bre support mid
bud move gal
bur move gas
con move tri via convoy
eng move mid
gre hold
ion convoy con move tri
iri support eng move mid
kie support mun
lvp move nat
mid support bre
mar hold
mos hold
mun hold
naf support mid
par support bre
pie move mar
ruh move bur
ser move bud
tyr support boh
tys move gol
ven hold
war move lvn
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
England: army wal
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
adr move apu
aeg hold
boh support gal move sil
bre support mid
bud move gal
bur support pie move mar
eng convoy wal move bre
gal move sil
gas support wal move bre
gre move ion
ion move tys
iri support nat move mid
kie support mun
lvn move stp
gol support mar
mid support bre
mar support par move bur
mos support lvn move stp
mun hold
naf support mid
nat move mid
nwy support stp/sc
par move bur
pic support wal move bre
pie move mar
rom move tus
spa/sc support mar
tyr support ven move pie
ven move pie
wal move bre via convoy
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
build Army con
build Army lon
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
aeg convoy con move apu
apu move adr
ber move bal
boh support tyr move mun
bre move par
bur support bre move par
con move apu via convoy
eng convoy lon move bel
gal move war
gas support bre move par
ion convoy con move apu
iri support nat move mid
kie move ber
lon move bel via convoy
lvn move pru
gol support mar
mid support spa/sc
mar support par move bur
mos move stp
mun hold
naf support mid
nat move mid
par move bur
pie support mar
sil support tyr move mun
spa/sc support mid
tri move tyr
tus move rom
tyr move mun
tys move wes
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
England: army/dislodged mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bur move ruh
mun move kie
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg hold
apu move nap
bal support ber
bel move bur
boh support mun
bur support mar
eng move bre
gas move mar
ion move tun
iri support nat move mid
kie support ber
gol support pie move mar
mid support spa/sc
mar support bur
mos hold
mun hold
naf support mid
nat move mid
nwy support stp/sc
par support bel move bur
pic move bre
pie move mar
pru move ber
rom hold
ruh move mun
sil support pru move ber
spa/sc support mid
tyr support mun
war hold
wes support ion move tun
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
France: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
