PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move pic
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move nap
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri hold
ven move apu
vie move bud
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move bla
apu move ven
bot move swe
bud move rum
bul move gre
bur move bel
con move bul
den move ska
eng move bre
ion convoy nap move gre
kie move den
nap move gre via convoy
nrg move nwy
pic move bre
ruh move hol
ser support nap move gre
sev move bla
spa move por
tri move alb
ukr move rum
yor move wal
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
build Fleet bre
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/sc
build Army tri
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
bel hold
ber move bal
bre move mid
bud move rum
con support bul
den move swe
eng hold
gre support ser move bul
hol hold
ion move eas
kie move den
lon move nth
mos move sev
nap move ion
nwy hold
par move bre
pic move eng
por move spa
ser move bul
sev move bla
ska support den move swe
smy move aeg
swe hold
tri move ser
ukr move rum
ven move apu
wal hold
war move sil
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
swe move bot
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
alb support gre
ank move bla
apu move ven
bal convoy swe move lvn
bel support hol
bot move swe
bre hold
bud support ser move rum
bul move rum
con move bul
den move swe
eas move smy
eng move nth
gre support ser move bul
hol move bel
ion move tun
mid support pic move eng
mos move lvn
nth move nrg
nwy move stp/nc
pic move eng
ser move rum
sev support ukr move rum
sil move mun
ska support den move swe
spa hold
swe move lvn via convoy
tri move vie
ukr move rum
wal move yor
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet lon
remove mun
build Fleet nap
build Army par
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move smy
alb support gre
bal convoy swe move ber
bel hold
bla support bul move rum
bot move stp/sc
bre move wal
bud move rum
bul move rum
con move bul
den support ska move swe
eas move aeg
eng convoy bre move wal
gre support ser move bul
hol move ruh
lon move eng
mid move iri
mos support bot move stp
nap move ion
nth support lon move eng
nrg move nwy
par move bur
ser move bul
sev support ukr move rum
ska move swe
spa move gas
swe move ber via convoy
tun support nap move ion
ukr move rum
ven move tyr
vie move gal
yor move wal
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet/dislodged eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet/dislodged stp/nc
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
eng move mid
stp/nc move bar
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support ion move eas
bal move kie
bar move stp/sc
bel move hol
ber move mun
bla support con move bul
bre move pic
bud support gal move rum
bul support gal move rum
bur move bel
con move bul
den move nth
eng support nth move bel
gal move rum
gas move bre
gre support bul
ion move eas
iri support mid move eng
mid move eng
mos support stp/sc
nth move bel
nwy support bar move stp
ruh move hol
sev move rum
smy move aeg
stp/sc hold
tun move ion
tyr support ber move mun
ukr move war
wal move lvp
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: fleet/dislodged eng
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
eng move wal
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bar
build Army ber
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
bel support bur
ber move mun
bla support con move bul
bre move wal
bud move rum
bul move con
bur support bel
con move bul
den hold
eas move syr
eng convoy bre move wal
gre support bul
ion move eas
iri support bre move wal
kie move hol
mos move stp
mun move tyr
nth support wal move eng
nwy hold
pic move par
ruh support kie move hol
rum move ukr
sev move arm
smy move aeg
stp/sc move bot
swe hold
tyr move ven
vie move gal
wal move eng
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: army/dislodged bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet/dislodged eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: fleet syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bul move ser
eng move mid
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: fleet syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support ser move bul
alb move tri
arm move ank
bel support bur
bla move sev
bot move bal
bre hold
bul move gre
bur support bel
den support hol move nth
eas support syr move smy
eng support nth move bel
gal support ukr move war
gre support ser move bul
hol move nth
iri move nat
lvp hold
mid move eng
mun move boh
nth move bel
nwy hold
par move pic
ruh move hol
rum move sev
ser move bul
smy move aeg
stp move nwy
swe hold
syr move smy
tri move vie
tyr move vie
ukr move war
war hold
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: fleet/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bul move con
nth move lon
war move mos
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
remove con
build Army rom
build Army vie
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support smy move con
ank move con
bal move ber
bel hold
bla move sev
boh move sil
bre hold
bul support smy move con
bur move gas
den support nth
eas move ion
eng move nth
gal move ukr
hol move yor via convoy
lon support eng move nth
lvp move yor
mid move iri
mos move sev
nat move cly
nth convoy hol move yor
nwy support eng move nth
pic support bel
rom move apu
rum move sev
smy move con
stp hold
swe move nwy
tri move tyr
tyr move mun
ven move tyr
vie support tri move tyr
war move mos
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Italy: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
ank hold
apu move gre via convoy
bel move edi via convoy
bla move sev
bre hold
cly support iri move lvp
con support aeg move bul
den move ska
eng move nth
gas move spa
gre move ser
hol move kie
ion convoy apu move ion
iri move lvp
lon support eng move nth
lvp move edi
mos move sev
mun support sil move ber
nth convoy bel move edi
pic move bel
rum support ukr move sev
sil move ber
stp support mos
swe support den move ska
tyr move mun
ukr move sev
ven move tri
vie move boh
war move mos
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army/dislodged bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: fleet cly
Italy: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet/dislodged nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bul move gre
nth move hol
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: fleet cly
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
remove bla
remove edi
build Army mar
build Fleet nap
build Fleet rom
remove sev
remove sil
build Army ven
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: fleet cly
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
alb move adr
ank move arm
apu move ven
bel hold
boh support tyr move vie
bre move par
bul/sc move gre
cly move nrg
con move bul/ec
gre move ser
hol move nth
ion move aeg
kie support mun move ber
lvp move cly
mar hold
mos hold
mun move ber
nap move ion
nth move edi
nwy move nrg
pic move bur
rom move nap
rum support gre move ser
ser support bul/sc move gre
ska support swe move nwy
spa hold
stp hold
swe move nwy
tri move alb
tyr move vie
ven move tyr
war move gal
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Russia: fleet/dislodged ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Italy: army/dislodged ser
Italy: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
ber move bal
nwy disband
ser move bud
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg move bul/sc
alb move tri
arm support mos move sev
bel move hol
ber hold
boh move vie
bud move vie
bul/ec move rum
bur move mun
cly move edi
edi hold
gal support vie move bud
ion move adr
kie move mun
lon move eng
lvp move iri
mar move bur
mos move sev
nap move apu
nth support cly move edi
nwy support nth
par move pic
rum support vie move bud
ser move tri
ska move den
spa hold
tyr support bud move vie
ven support alb move tri
vie move bud
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
England: fleet/dislodged edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
edi move yor
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
remove adr
remove boh
build Fleet bre
build Army mun
build Army par
build Army rom
remove yor
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
alb support bud move ser
apu move adr
ber support mun
bre move eng
bud move ser
bul/ec move rum
bur move ruh
edi move nth
eng move bel
gal support rum
gre move bul/sc
hol hold
ion move gre
iri support bre move eng
kie support nth move hol
mar hold
mun support ber
nth move hol
par move bur
pic move bel
rom move ven
rum support ser move bud
ser move bud
spa hold
tyr move vie
ven move tri
vie support ser move bud
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: fleet/dislodged eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
eng move lon
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr move apu
alb move tri
arm move bla
bal move swe
ber move sil
bul/ec move rum
bur move mun
con move bla
den move nth
eng support nth move lon
gal support rum move bud
gre move ion
hol move bel
ion move tun
iri move nat
kie move ruh
lon move nth
mar move bur
mun support kie move ruh
nth move lon
nwy support den move nth
pic move bel
ruh support pic move bel
rum move bud
ser support bul/ec move rum
spa move gas
tri move vie
tyr support tri move vie
ven support alb move tri
vie support rum move bud
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: fleet/dislodged lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: fleet rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
lon disband
vie move boh
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: fleet rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
remove boh
build Fleet bre
build Army mos
build Army nap
build Army rom
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: fleet rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
apu move nap
bre move eng
bud move vie
bur move bel
con move bla
eng move nth
gal support bud move vie
gas support mar move bur
hol support nwy move nth
ion convoy nap move gre
kie move ruh
lon move yor
mar move bur
mun support kie move ruh
nat move nrg
nap move gre via convoy
nth move edi
nwy move nth
pic support bur move bel
rom move ven
ruh move hol
rum support con move bla
ser support tri move bud
tri move bud
tyr move vie
ven move tyr
vie move gal
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: fleet rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Italy: army/dislodged vie
Italy: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
vie move boh
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: fleet rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
bel hold
bla move sev
boh support tyr move vie
bre move eng
bud support tyr move vie
bur move mun
edi hold
eng move iri
gal move war
gas move bur
gre move bul
hol move bel
mun support ruh
nap move tys
nrg move edi
nwy move nrg
pic support bel
rom move ven
ruh support hol move bel
rum support bla move sev
ser support bud
sil move war
tyr move vie
ven move tri
vie move tri
yor support nrg move edi
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
Germany: fleet/dislodged edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: fleet rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Italy: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
edi move cly
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: fleet rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Italy: fleet sev
Italy: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Army bre
build Army nap
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: fleet rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Italy: fleet sev
Italy: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
bel hold
boh support bud move gal
bre move wal
bud move gal
bul move con
bur hold
cly move lvp
edi hold
eng convoy bre move wal
gal move war
gas support bur
ion convoy nap move tun
iri move lvp
mos move war
mun support ruh
nap move tun via convoy
pic support bel
rom move tus
ruh support mun
ser move tri
sev move bla
sil move war
stp move mos
tun move wes
tys move gol
ven move pie
yor support edi
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Austria: army/dislodged gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: fleet rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army wal
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
gal move ukr
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: fleet rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army wal
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
arm support mos move sev
bel hold
bla move sev
boh support tri move tyr
bur hold
cly move lvp
con move ank
edi hold
eng move nth
gal support sil move war
gas support bur
hol hold
ion move tys
iri move nat
gol convoy tus move mar
mos move sev
mun move bur
pic support bel
pie support tus move mar
ruh support mun move bur
rum support bla move sev
sil move war
tri move tyr
tun move spa via convoy
tus move mar via convoy
ukr move mos
vie move bud
wal move lvp
wes convoy tun move spa
yor support edi
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Italy: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: fleet rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
France: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
remove bur
remove gas
build Fleet kie
build Army nap
build Army rom
remove swe
remove ukr
build Army ven
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Germany: fleet cly
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: fleet rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
France: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
bel hold
bla support rum move sev
cly move lvp
edi hold
hol support kie move hel
kie move hel
mos support stp
mun move bur
nat move nrg
nth support nat move nrg
nrg move nat
pic support bel
ruh support mun move bur
rum move sev
spa move por
stp support mos
wal move lvp
war hold
yor support edi
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet/dislodged nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: fleet sev
Italy: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
France: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
nrg move nwy
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: fleet sev
Italy: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
France: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
arm move sev
bel hold
bud move rum
bur move par
cly move nrg
edi support yor move nth
hel move nth
hol support ruh move bel
gol support pie move mar
mar move spa
nap move tun via convoy
nth move nwy
nrg support nth move nwy
nwy support cly move nrg
pic support bel
pie move mar
por support mar move spa
rom move ven
ruh move bel
stp move lvn
tys support nap move tun
ven move pie
wal move lvp
war hold
yor move nth
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Germany: fleet cly
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: fleet sev
Italy: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
