PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move eng
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move wal
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move tys
par move pic
rom move ven
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move adr
ven move tyr
vie move tri
war hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
ank move bla
bot move swe
bul move gre
con move bul
eng move bel
kie move hol
nth move ska
nrg move nwy
pic move bur
ruh support kie move hol
ser hold
sev support ukr move rum
spa hold
tri move ven
tyr move vie
ukr move rum
ven move tri
wal move lon
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ven move pie
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army bud
build Army con
build Fleet edi
build Fleet kie
build Army mar
build Army mun
build Army par
build Army stp
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
ank move con
bel hold
bla move con
bud move rum
bul move ser
bur move mun
con move bul
den move ska
edi move nth
gal move bud
gre support bul move ser
hol support ruh move bel
kie move bal
lon move wal
mar hold
mun move bur
nwy support ska move swe
par move bur
pie move ven
ruh move bel
rum support gal move bud
ser move tri
sev support rum
ska move swe
spa move por
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tys move tun
ven move rom
vie move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
France: fleet/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move eng
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
bal support den
bel support mun move bur
bla support bul move rum
bud support ser move tri
bul move rum
bur support eng move bel
eng move bel
gal move vie
gre support ser
hol support bel
ion move nap
mar move pie
mun move bur
nth support eng move bel
nwy support ska move swe
par move pic
por hold
rom support tri move ven
rum support bud
ser support bul move rum
sev support rum
ska move swe
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri move ven
tun move ion
ven move rom
vie support ser move tri
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: army por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Austria: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
rum move ukr
ven move tus
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove ion
build Army kie
build Fleet smy
build Army tri
remove tus
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bal support den
bla support arm move sev
bud support gal move rum
bur support eng move bel
eng move bel
gal move rum
gre support ser
hol support bel
kie move ruh
mun move bur
nap move tys
nth support eng move bel
nwy hold
pic support eng move bel
pie hold
por move spa
rom move ven
rum support arm move sev
ser support rum
sev support gal move rum
ska support nwy
smy move aeg
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri support ven move tyr
ukr support sev
ven move tyr
vie move tri
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
arm move sev
bal support den
bel hold
bla support arm move sev
bud support gal move rum
bur support bel
gal move rum
gre move bul
mun support ruh move bur
nth move den
pic support bel
pie hold
ruh move bur
rum support arm move sev
ser support rum
sev support gal move rum
ska support nth move den
spa hold
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri support tyr move vie
tyr move vie
tys move tun
ukr support sev
ven support tri
vie hold
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Italy: army/dislodged vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bur move par
nwy move nrg
vie disband
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army con
build Army mar
build Army mos
remove wal
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm support rum move sev
bal move kie
bel move hol
bla support rum move sev
bud move rum
bul move rum
bur move bel
con move bul
den move ska
gal support bud move rum
hol support bur move bel
mar support par move bur
mos support sev
nth move hel
nrg move nth
nwy support swe
par move bur
pic move bel
pie hold
rum move sev
ser support bul move rum
sev support bud move rum
ska hold
spa hold
swe support nwy
tri move bud
tun move tys
ukr support bud move rum
ven hold
vie support tri move bud
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
France: fleet/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move eng
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm support sev
bla support sev
bud support bul move rum
bul move rum
bur support pic move bel
con move bul
eng support pic move bel
gal support rum
hel support nth move den
hol support bel
kie support den
mar hold
mos move sev
mun move bur
nth move den
nwy support swe
pic move bel
pie move tyr
rum support mos move sev
ser support bul move rum
sev support bul move rum
ska support nth move den
spa hold
swe move ska
tys hold
ukr support mos move sev
ven hold
vie move gal
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
France: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army con
build Army tri
remove tyr
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm support sev
ber move kie
bla support bul move rum
bud support rum move gal
bul move rum
bur support pic move bel
con move bul
den support kie move hel
eng support pic move bel
gal support ukr move rum
hel move hol
hol support bel
ion move tys
kie move hel
mar hold
mos move sev
mun move bur
nth support eng move bel
nwy support swe
pic move bel
rum move gal
ser support bul move rum
sev support bul move rum
ska move den
spa hold
swe move ska
tri move ven
tys move gol
ukr move rum
ven move pie
vie move tyr
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
Germany: army/dislodged bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move ruh
gal move war
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm support sev
bel hold
bla move con
bud move tri
bul move rum
bur support mar
eng support bel
gal move sil
hel support nth move hol
hol support ruh move bel
kie support den
gol support pie move mar
mar hold
mos support ukr
mun move bur
nth move hol
nwy support swe
pie move mar
ruh move bel
rum move gal
ser support bul move rum
sev support bul move rum
ska move den
spa support mar
swe move ska
tyr move ven
tys move wes
ukr support war
ven move pie
war support ukr
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Fleet lon
remove ruh
build Army vie
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move sev
bel move ruh
ber support kie
bre move mid
bud support tri move ser
bur support mar
con move aeg
eng move mid
gal support sev move ukr
hel move den
hol move kie
kie support den
lon move nth
mar hold
mos support ukr
nwy move stp
rum support sev move ukr
ser support rum
sev move ukr
sil move war
ska support hel move den
spa support mar
swe support ska move den
tri move ser
tyr move boh
ukr support war
ven move tyr
war support ukr
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: army/dislodged ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
den disband
ser move bul
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
boh support tyr move mun
bre move mid
bud move rum
bul move ser
bur support ruh move mun
den support hol move kie
eng hold
gal move bud
hol move kie
gol move tys
mar hold
mos support war
nth move ska
ruh move mun
rum support bul move ser
ser support bud move rum
sev move mos
sil move war
ska move nwy
spa support mar
stp support mos
swe move bal
tyr move mun
ukr support sil move war
vie move bud
war hold
wes move tun
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
Germany: fleet/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
kie disband
war move lvn
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
remove bal
build Fleet con
build Fleet edi
build Fleet lon
build Fleet lvp
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
boh support tyr move mun
bud support vie move gal
bul move ser
bur support ruh move mun
con move aeg
den move kie
edi move nrg
eng move bel
gal move bud
kie move bal
lvn move mos
lvp move iri
mid move wes
mar hold
mos support lvn
ruh move mun
rum support bul move ser
sev move mos
ska move swe
spa support mar
stp move mos
tun move tys
tyr move mun
tys move rom
ukr support sev move mos
vie move gal
war support sev move mos
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army/dislodged gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
gal move sil
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal support kie move ber
bur hold
gre move alb
iri move mid
kie move ber
lon move eng
mar hold
mos support war
ruh support bur move mun
rum move ser
ser move tri
sil move boh
spa move naf
tys move tun
ukr support mos
war support mos
wes convoy spa move naf
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army/dislodged ber
England: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber disband
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army con
build Fleet lon
build Fleet lvp
build Fleet smy
remove stp
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move adr
ank move con
bal support ber
bur move mun
con move bul
eng move mid
ion support tun
lon move eng
lvp move iri
mid move wes
mar move pie
mos support war
naf move tun
nrg move nth
nwy move stp/nc
ruh support bur move mun
sil support mun
smy move aeg
swe move nwy
tri move vie
tun support naf
ukr move gal
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg move gre
bal support ber
ber hold
bul move ser
bur support ruh move mun
con move bul
ion support tun
iri move mid
lon move nth
mid move wes
mar move pie
naf move tun
nth move hel
nwy support stp/nc
ruh move mun
ser move tri
sil support mun
stp/nc hold
vie support ser move tri
wes move tys
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
remove lvn
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support ber
ber hold
bul move rum
bur move mun
con move bul
eng move iri
gre move ion
hel move kie
ion move nap
mar move pie
mos support war
naf move tun
nth move eng
nwy support stp/nc
ruh support bur move mun
ser move bud
sil support mun
smy move aeg
stp/nc hold
tri support ser move bud
tun support gre move ion
tys move rom
ukr move gal
ven move apu
vie support ser move bud
war support ukr move gal
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Austria: army/dislodged gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: army tun
Turkey: fleet/dislodged tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
tun move tys
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
apu support tri move ven
bal support ber
ber hold
bud support rum move ser
bul move gre
bur support ruh move mun
gal move boh
ion move tys
iri move mid
mid move wes
mos move stp
nap support tys move rom
pie move ven
rom hold
ruh move mun
rum move ser
sil support mun
tri move ven
tun hold
tys move rom
vie support gal move boh
war move pru
wes move gol
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
France: fleet/dislodged rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
rom move tus
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
build Army lon
build Fleet mar
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu move ion
bal support ber
ber hold
boh move mun
bud move vie
bur support ruh move mun
con move bul
eng move mid
gre support con move bul
ion move tun
gol support wes move tys
mid move wes
mar move gol
mos move stp
nap support tys
pie move ven
pru move ber
rom support tys
ruh move mun
ser move tri
sil support boh move mun
smy move aeg
tun hold
tus move rom
tys support ion move tun
ven support vie move tyr
vie move tyr
wes move tys
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support ion
apu support ven
bal support ber
bel hold
ber hold
boh support tyr move mun
bul move ser
bur support ruh move mun
eng move nth
gre hold
ion support tys move tun
kie support ber
gol support wes move tys
mid move wes
mar move pie
mos move stp
nap move tys
pie move tyr
pru move ber
rom support nap move tys
ruh move mun
sil support tyr move mun
tri move tyr
tun hold
tus move rom
tyr move mun
tys move tun
ven support tri move tyr
vie support tri move tyr
wes move tys
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: army/dislodged tun
Turkey: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
tun move naf
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
France: army naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
