PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move pic
bud move rum
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move bal
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move war
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move tus
sev move rum
smy move syr
stp/sc move bot
tri hold
ven move tri
vie move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Turkey: army syr
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bal move swe
bot move swe
bud move ser
bul move gre
bur support pic move bel
con move bla
gal move boh
ion move tun
kie move den
nth convoy yor move den
nrg move nwy
pic move bel
ruh move hol
sev move rum
spa move por
syr hold
tri move adr
tus move ven
ven move tyr
vie move bud
war move sil
yor move den via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Turkey: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army con
build Fleet lon
build Army mar
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army tri
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Turkey: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move alb
bal move den
ber support kie move mun
bla support rum
boh move mun
bot move swe
bud move vie
bur move ruh
con move bul
gre support con move bul
hol hold
kie move mun
lon move nth
mar move bur
nap move apu
nth move nwy
nwy move swe
par move pic
por move spa
ser move bul
sil support boh move mun
syr move smy
tri move vie
tun move ion
tyr support ven
ven move tri
war move pru
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
apu move adr
bel support ruh move hol
ber hold
bla support rum
boh move mun
bot move swe
bud move gal
bul support gre move ser
bur move ruh
den support nwy move swe
gre move ser
hol move ruh
ion move alb
kie support hol move ruh
nth convoy yor move nwy
nwy move stp/nc
pic move bur
pru move ber
ruh move hol
rum support bul
sil support pru move ber
smy move con
spa hold
tri move vie
tyr support ven move tri
ven move tri
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ser move bud
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove alb
build Army ank
build Fleet edi
build Army mos
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Army ven
remove vie
build Army war
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move rum via convoy
bel move hol
ber support mun move kie
bla move con
bul move gre
bur move mun
con move bul
den support nwy move swe
edi move nrg
gal move vie
hol support kie move ruh
ion move aeg
kie move ruh
lon move yor
mos support war move lvn
mun support ber move kie
nth support bel move hol
nwy move swe
par move bur
pic move bel
ruh support bur move mun
rum move bla
ser support ank move rum
sil support mun
smy move aeg
spa move gas
swe hold
tri support tyr move vie
tyr move vie
ven move alb via convoy
war move lvn
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
adr convoy ven move alb
ank move rum via convoy
bel move hol
ber support mun move kie
bla convoy ank move rum
bul support ank move rum
bur move mun
con move aeg
den move bal
gas move bur
gre move alb
hol move kie
ion support ven move alb
kie move mun
lvn support mos move stp
mos move stp
mun move kie
nth move den
nrg move nwy
par move pic
ruh support hol move kie
ser support gre move alb
sil move mun
smy support con move aeg
stp/nc hold
swe support nth move den
tri support vie move bud
ven move alb via convoy
vie move bud
yor move nth
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet/dislodged stp/nc
England: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
stp/nc move bar
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army con
build Army edi
build Army par
build Army rom
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move alb
aeg move gre
bar move stp/nc
bel move hol
ber move kie
bud support tri move ser
bul move rum
bur move mun
con move bul
den support hol move kie
gal move vie
gas move bur
gre move alb
hol move kie
ion move gre
kie hold
lvn move stp
mun support ber move kie
nth move ska
nwy support bar move stp
par move pic
pic move bel
rom move ven
ruh support hol move kie
rum move gal
ser support gre move alb
sil move ber
smy move eas
stp move fin
swe move fin
tri move ser
ven move tyr
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army/dislodged stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ion
aeg support eas move ion
bel move hol
ber support mun move kie
bla move sev
bud hold
bul move ser
bur support tyr move mun
den move bal
eas move ion
gal support rum move bud
gas hold
gre support bul move ser
hol move kie
ion hold
kie move ber
lvn move mos
mun move kie
pic move bel
ruh support tyr move mun
rum move bud
ser move tri
sil move war
ska move swe
swe move fin
tyr move mun
ven move tyr
vie move bud
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
France: fleet/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
kie move hel
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army con
build Fleet lon
build Fleet nap
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support nap move ion
aeg move gre
bal move ber
bel move hol
ber move kie
bud support vie move tri
bur move mun
con move bul
eas move ion
fin move stp
gal move boh
gas hold
gre move alb
hel support hol move kie
hol move kie
ion move alb
kie move den
lon move nth
mos support war move lvn
mun move boh
nap move ion
nwy support fin move stp
pic move bel
ruh support bur move mun
ser support gre move alb
sev move bla
smy move aeg
stp/nc move bar
swe move den
tri move ser
tyr support mun move boh
vie move tri
war move lvn
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
tri move ven
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
aeg move gre
bal support stp move lvn
bar support nwy move stp
bla move ank
boh move vie
bud move vie
bul support aeg move gre
eas move ion
gal move boh
gas move bur
gre move alb
kie support mun move ber
lvn support mos move stp
mos move stp
mun move ber
nap support ion
nth move nrg
nwy move stp/nc
ser support gre move alb
smy move aeg
stp move lvn
swe move bot
tri hold
tyr support boh move vie
ven move tri
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Russia: army/dislodged ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
Russia: army/dislodged lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
lvn move war
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bre
remove bul
build Army par
build Army sev
build Army ven
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ion
aeg support eas move ion
alb support ser move tri
ank move con
bal move lvn
bar convoy edi move stp
bel hold
ber move sil
boh move vie
bot hold
bre move par
bud support boh move vie
bur move mun
eas move ion
edi move stp via convoy
gre support eas move ion
hel hold
hol move kie
ion hold
kie move ber
lvn move mos
mos support war move lvn
nap support ion
nrg convoy edi move stp
par move bur
ruh support bur move mun
ser move tri
sev move rum
stp/nc move nwy
tri support vie move bud
tyr move boh
ven support tri
vie move bud
war move lvn
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army/dislodged lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Italy: army/dislodged vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
lvn move pru
vie move tyr
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ion
aeg move con
alb move ser
bal move lvn
bar move stp/nc
bel hold
ber move sil
boh move vie
bot support bal move lvn
bud support ser move rum
bur move ruh
eas move smy
gre move bul/sc
hel hold
ion hold
kie move ber
lvn support mos move stp
mos move stp
mun move kie
nap support ion
nwy support bar move stp
par hold
pru support sil move war
ruh move hol
ser move rum
sil move war
stp move mos
tri support boh move vie
tyr support boh move vie
ven support tri
vie move gal
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
rum move sev
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
ORDERS
remove aeg
build Fleet bre
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
ORDERS
adr convoy ven move alb
bel hold
ber move pru
bot support pru move lvn
bre move eng
bud move gal
bul/sc support smy move con
gal move ukr
hel move nth
hol hold
ion move gre
kie move den
lvn move bal
mos move sev
nap move ion
par move pic
pru move lvn
ruh move kie
rum move sev
sev move arm
sil support ber move pru
smy move con
stp support pru move lvn
tri support vie move bud
tyr move vie
ven move alb
vie move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: fleet con
Russia: fleet/dislodged con
Russia: supply con
France: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
ORDERS
con move ank
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: fleet con
Russia: supply con
France: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
alb move ser
arm move smy
bal support bot move swe
bel hold
bot move swe
bud support alb move ser
bul/sc move con
con move smy
den hold
eng convoy pic move lon
gre hold
hol move yor via convoy
ion move eas
kie support sil move ber
nth convoy hol move yor
nrg move edi
nwy move nth
pic move lon via convoy
pru hold
rum move sev
sil move ber
tri support alb move ser
ukr support rum move sev
vie support bud
war support pru
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: fleet con
Russia: supply con
France: army den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Turkey: army/dislodged ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
ser move rum
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
remove bar
build Fleet bre
remove lvn
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army rom
build Army ven
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
bal move den
bel move edi via convoy
ber hold
bre move eng
bud support ser move rum
con move ank
den hold
eas move smy
edi support nwy move nth
eng move lon
gre support ion move aeg
ion move aeg
kie support den
lon move wal
nap move ion
nth convoy bel move edi
nwy move nth
par move pic
pru move lvn
rom move ven
ser move rum
sev support ukr move mos
swe support bal move den
tri move ser
ukr move mos
ven move tyr
vie move gal
war move ukr
yor support bel move edi
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet/dislodged nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
France: army wal
France: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
nth move hel
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
France: army wal
France: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move con
bal move swe
bel move hol
ber hold
bud support rum
bul/sc move con
den hold
edi move yor
eng move nth
gal hold
gre support ser move bul
hel support eng move nth
ion hold
kie support den
lon support yor
lvn support ukr move war
nth support edi move yor
pic hold
rum hold
ser move bul
smy support aeg move con
swe move nwy
tyr move boh
ukr move war
ven move tyr
wal move lvp
yor hold
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet/dislodged bul/sc
Italy: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvn
France: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
nth move ska
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
remove arm
remove edi
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army rom
build Army ven
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
ber support kie move mun
boh support tyr move mun
bud move gal
bul move con
con move bla
den hold
gal move ukr
gre move ion
hel move kie
hol move ruh
ion move tun
kie move mun
lon hold
lvn support war move mos
lvp move edi
nap move tys
nth support den
nwy support ska
par move bur
pic move bel
rom move tus
rum support gal move ukr
ska support swe move den
smy move aeg
stp support mos
swe move den
tyr move mun
ven move tyr
war move mos
yor hold
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank move con
bel hold
ber move sil
bla support con move ank
boh support tyr move mun
bur support kie move mun
con move ank
den hold
edi hold
gal support ukr move war
hel move kie
ion move tys
kie move mun
lon move eng
lvn support war
mos move war
nth support den
nwy move nth
ruh support kie move mun
rum hold
sev move rum
ska support swe move den
stp move lvn
swe move den
tun move wes
tus move pie
tyr move mun
tys move gol
ukr move war
ven move tri
war hold
yor move lon
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
France: supply den
France: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
England: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
France: army/dislodged war
France: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move arm
war move pru
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
England: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove arm
build Fleet mar
build Army rom
build Army ven
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
England: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move arm
bel hold
bla support ank move arm
boh hold
bur support mar
den support nwy move nth
edi move den via convoy
eng move mid
gal support boh
ion move tun
kie support edi move den
lon hold
lvn support sil move war
gol support pie move mar
mar hold
mun hold
nth convoy edi move den
nwy move nth
pie move mar
pru support sil move war
rom move spa via convoy
ruh support mun
rum move sev
sil move war
ska support nwy move nth
stp support war move mos
tri move vie
tyr move mun
tys convoy rom move spa
ven move tri
war move mos
wes convoy rom move spa
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Turkey: army/dislodged mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet/dislodged nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army war
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
nth move hel
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: supply hol
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army war
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
boh move sil
bur support mar
den hold
gal move war
hel move hol
lvn move mos
gol move spa/sc
mid move por
mar hold
mun hold
nth move eng
pie move mar
pru move sil
ruh support mun
rum move ukr
ska support den
spa move por
stp support mos
tri move vie
tun move naf
tyr support vie move boh
tys move gol
vie move boh
war support lvn move mos
wes support gol move spa
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Turkey: army/dislodged sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army war
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet rom
build Army ven
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move pic
bur support mar
den support ska move nth
edi hold
eng move wal
hol move nth
lon hold
lvn support war
mid move bre
mar hold
mun hold
pru support war
ruh support mun
ska move nth
war hold
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
France: army war
France: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
