PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move ven
sev move rum
smy hold
stp/sc move bot
tri move adr
ven move tri
vie move tri
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr support vie move tri
bot move swe
bul hold
bur move bel
con move aeg
den hold
eng move bel
ion move tun
kie move hol
mid move bre
nth move nwy
rom hold
ruh move bel
rum hold
smy move con
spa move por
stp move nwy
ukr move war
ven move tri
vie move tri
yor move wal
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet kie
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army sev
build Army smy
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
aeg move gre
bre move mid
bul move ser
bur support eng move bel
eng convoy wal move bel
hol move bel
kie move hol
mos move lvn
mun support ruh
nap move ion
nth support wal move bel
par move bre
por move spa
rom move apu
ruh support hol move bel
rum hold
sev support rum
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tun support nap move ion
ven hold
vie move tyr
wal move bel
war hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move apu
apu move gre via convoy
bre move pic
bur move pic
den move swe
eng move nth
gre hold
hol move bel
ion convoy apu move gre
kie move bal
lvn hold
mid hold
mun support ruh
nth move nrg
nwy hold
ruh support hol move bel
rum hold
sev support rum
spa hold
swe move ska
tri move ven
tun move tys
tyr support tri move ven
ven hold
wal move yor
war hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ven move rom
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove apu
build Army ber
build Fleet kie
build Fleet mar
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move apu
bal convoy ber move lvn
bel support mun move bur
ber move lvn via convoy
bre move pic
bul move gre
bur hold
con move bul
gre move aeg
ion move apu
kie move den
lvn hold
mid move eng
mar move spa/sc
mun move bur
nth convoy yor move nwy
nrg support yor move nwy
nwy hold
rom move ven
ruh support mun move bur
rum hold
sev support rum
ska support nwy
smy move con
spa move gas
swe move fin
tri move adr
tyr move ven
tys move ion
ven move tus
war hold
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: fleet fin
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bur move mar
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: fleet fin
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move apu
aeg convoy con move gre
bal convoy ber move lvn
ber move lvn via convoy
bul support gre move ser
bur move ruh
con move gre
eng move lon
fin move stp/sc
gas move par
gre move ser
ion hold
lvn move stp
mar move bur
nth support nrg move nwy
nrg move nwy
nwy move swe
pic support mar move bur
rom hold
ruh move mun
rum hold
sev support rum
ska support nwy move swe
spa/sc move mid
tri support tyr move ven
tus move rom
tyr move ven
tys support ion
war move sil
yor move lon
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: fleet fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ser move bud
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: fleet fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove bal
build Army con
build Fleet lvp
remove tri
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: fleet fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move gre
ank move smy
apu move nap
bel move bur
ber move sil
bud move ser
bur support par move pic
den support fin move swe
eng convoy pic move wal
fin move swe
gre move alb
ion move nap
lvn move stp
lvp move nat
mid move nat
mun support ber move sil
nth move ska
nwy support nth move ska
par move pic
pic move wal
rom hold
ruh support bel
ser move tri
sev move ukr
sil move mun
ska support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tus support ven move rom
tys support rom
ven move rom
yor move lon
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army/dislodged sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
sil move war
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move ser
apu move adr
bel move pic
bul support alb move ser
bur support pic
den move ska
eng support wal move lon
gre move aeg
ion move nap
lon support lvp move wal
lvp move wal
mid hold
mun move bur
nth support bel
nwy move stp/nc
pic support bur
rom hold
ruh support mun move bur
ser support ven move tri
ska move nwy
stp support ska move nwy
swe support den move ska
tri hold
tus move ven
tys support rom
ukr move gal
ven move tri
wal move lon
war move sil
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
England: army/dislodged lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bur move mar
lon move yor
nwy move bar
ser move bud
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove bar
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Army par
remove tus
remove yor
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg convoy con move gre
bel support ruh move bur
bud support adr move tri
bur move gas
con move gre via convoy
eng move bel
gal move boh
lon move yor
mid move gas
mar support par move bur
mos move war
mun support ruh move bur
nap support tys move ion
nth move lon
nwy hold
par move bur
pic support par move bur
rom hold
ruh move bur
ser support tri move bud
ska support swe move nwy
smy move con
stp support nwy
swe move nwy
tri move bud
tys move ion
ven support adr move tri
wal support nth move lon
war move pru
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
bud move vie
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bel move bur
boh support war move sil
bud hold
bur move bel
eng support bur move bel
ion move adr
lon move nth
mid move iri
mar move bur
mun move ber
nap move ion
nwy move swe
pic support bur move bel
pru move ber
rom move ven
ruh move mun
ser support bud
sil move gal
ska move swe
stp support nwy
swe move bal
tri move adr
ven move tri
vie support ven move tri
wal move lon
war move sil
yor move edi
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
Germany: army/dislodged bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move hol
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet mar
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bal move ber
bel move ruh
boh move mun
bud move vie
bur support bel move ruh
edi hold
eng support pic move bel
gal move ukr
gre move alb
hol support ruh
ion hold
iri move lvp
lon support nth move eng
mar move gol
mun support bal move ber
nap move tys
nth move eng
nwy move swe
pic move bel
pru move ber
rom move ven
ruh support mun
rum move sev
ser move tri
sil support pru move ber
ska move swe
stp move fin
tri move adr
ven move tri
vie support ven move tri
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet/dislodged eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
eng move mid
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
alb support ser move tri
ank move smy
bal support ska move swe
bel support bur
ber move kie
boh move mun
bud move vie
bul move ser
bur support bel
con move bul
edi move yor
eng support ruh move bel
fin move swe
gre move ion
hol support ruh move bel
ion move apu
lon support eng
lvp hold
gol move pie
mid move bre
mun move kie
nwy support fin move swe
pic move bre
rom move ven
ruh move bel
ser move tri
sev move rum
sil support boh move mun
ska move swe
tys move ion
ukr move mos
ven move tri
vie support ven move tri
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
mun move ruh
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
remove eng
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
alb support ser move tri
apu support tys move ion
bal support ruh move kie
bel move bur
ber move kie
bre move eng
bud move vie
bul move gre
bur support pic move bel
con move bul
fin move stp
gre move ion
hol support ruh move kie
lon move wal
lvp move wal
mid move wes
mos move stp
mun support ber move kie
nwy move swe
pic move bel
pie hold
rom hold
ruh move kie
rum move sev
ser move tri
sil move war
ska move nwy
smy move con
tys move ion
ven move tri
vie support ven move tri
yor support lvp move wal
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
Germany: army/dislodged bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
bel move ruh
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
alb support ser move tri
apu move ion
bel support bur move ruh
ber support mun move kie
bud move vie
bur move ruh
eng support bel
fin move nwy
ion move tun
mun move kie
rom hold
ser move tri
sev move rum
smy move ank
swe move den
wal move lon
war move mos
wes hold
yor support wal move lon
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: fleet/dislodged lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Germany: army/dislodged ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
lon disband
ruh move mun
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
remove adr
build Fleet bre
build Army mar
build Army smy
build Army stp
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
bal support hol move kie
bel support ruh move hol
ber move mun
bre move eng
bud support tri move vie
bul move ser
con move bul
den support fin move swe
eng move nth
fin move swe
gre move ion
hol move kie
ion move adr
kie support ber move mun
lon support eng move nth
mar move bur
mos move stp
mun move ber
nwy move swe
pie hold
rom hold
ruh move hol
rum move sev
smy move con
stp move mos
tri move vie
tun hold
ven move tri
vie support ven move tri
war support stp move mos
wes hold
yor move edi
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Russia: army/dislodged kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Germany: army/dislodged mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
kie move ruh
mos move lvn
vie move tyr
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support rom move ven
alb move tri
bal support nwy move swe
bel support hol
ber support den move kie
bud move tri
bul move gre
bur move mun
con move bul
den move kie
edi hold
eng move mid
hol support den move kie
ion move nap
kie move ber
lon move nth
lvn move war
mos move stp
mun support kie move ber
nth move nwy
nwy move swe
pie move gol
rom move ven
ruh support bur move mun
ser support bud move tri
sev move rum
swe support nth move nwy
tri support tyr move vie
tun hold
tyr move vie
vie hold
war move mos
wes move tys
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army/dislodged swe
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mun move sil
swe move den
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army con
build Army mar
build Army par
build Army smy
remove swe
remove tyr
remove war
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr move apu
alb move tri
bal support sil move ber
bel move ruh
ber hold
bre move mid
bul move ser
con move bul
den move swe
edi hold
gre move alb
hol support ruh move kie
kie move den
gol support mid move wes
mid move wes
mar move pie
mos move war
mun support ber
nap move rom
nth support kie move den
nwy support den move swe
par move bur
ruh move kie
ser move bud
sil move ber
stp move lvn
tri move ven
tun hold
tys support tun move ion
ven hold
vie move boh
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move tri
apu move nap
bal move ber
ber support kie
boh move mun
bud move vie
bul move ser
bur move mun
den support swe
edi move nwy
gre move bul
hol hold
kie support den
lvn move pru
gol move tus
mid move naf
mun move tyr
nth convoy edi move nwy
nwy move nrg
pie support mun move tyr
rom hold
ruh support bur move mun
ser move bud
sil support bal move ber
smy move con
swe hold
tri move ven
tun hold
tys support apu move nap
ven hold
war hold
wes support mid move naf
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove ber
build Army mos
build Army sev
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
boh move mun
den move bal
hol move kie
kie support pru move ber
mos move lvn
mun support tyr
naf move tun
nap support ven move rom
nth move den
nrg move bar
nwy move stp
pie move ven
pru move ber
ruh support hol move kie
rum hold
sev support rum
sil move ber
swe hold
tri move tyr
tun hold
tus move rom
tyr support pie move ven
tys support tus move rom
ven move rom
vie support tri move tyr
war move sil
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: fleet/dislodged tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
tun move ion
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move con
bal move den
bar move nwy
boh move mun
bud support ser move tri
bul move gre
con move bul
den support kie
ion move gre
kie support den
lvn support sev move mos
mun hold
nap support ven move rom
pie move ven
pru move ber
ruh support mun
ser move tri
sev move mos
sil move ber
stp move nwy
swe support bal move den
tun support tys move ion
tus support wes move tys
tyr support boh move mun
tys move ion
ven move rom
war move pru
wes move tys
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
France: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ion move apu
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: army stp
France: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove apu
build Fleet bre
remove lvn
build Fleet mar
build Army par
remove rum
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: army stp
France: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bal support pru move ber
bar move nwy
boh support tyr move mun
bre move eng
den hold
ion move nap
kie support den
mar move pie
mos move stp
mun hold
nap hold
par move bur
pru move ber
rom support nap
ruh support mun
sil move gal
stp support bar move nwy
swe move nwy
tri move ven
tun move ion
tus support ven move rom
tyr move mun
tys support ion move nap
ven move rom
war move lvn
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: fleet/dislodged nap
Italy: supply nap
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
Italy: army/dislodged rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: army stp
France: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nap disband
rom disband
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: army stp
France: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move tri
ank move con
bal move den
bar move nwy
ber move kie
boh move mun
bud move gal
bul move ser
bur support mun
con move bul
den support kie
eng move nth
gal move war
ion move aeg
kie support den
lvn move stp
mos support lvn move stp
mun support kie
nap support rom
pie support tus
rom hold
ruh support mun
stp move nwy
swe move nwy
tus support pie
tyr support boh move mun
tys move ion
ven hold
vie move boh
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
France: army/dislodged stp
France: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
stp move fin
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Fleet mar
build Army par
build Army sev
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bal move den
bar move nwy
ber move kie
boh move mun
bre move eng
bul move gre
bur support mun
den move swe
fin support den move swe
gal move war
ion support aeg move gre
kie move ber
mar move gol
mos support stp
mun support kie move ber
nap move rom
nth move den
par move pic
pie support tus
rom move apu
ruh support mun
ser move bud
sev move ukr
smy move aeg
stp hold
swe move nwy
tus support pie
tyr support boh move mun
ven move tus
war move gal
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army fin
Turkey: army gal
France: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
France: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg convoy con move gre
apu move ven
bal move kie
bar move nwy
ber support bal move kie
boh support tyr move mun
bul move gre
bur support mun
eng convoy pic move den
fin move nwy
gal support ukr move war
gre hold
ion support gre
kie support mun
gol move tys
mos support stp
mun support kie
nth convoy pic move den
pic move den
pie hold
ruh support mun
stp hold
tus support pie
tyr move mun
ukr move war
ven hold
war move ukr
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army fin
Turkey: army gal
France: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army/dislodged kie
Russia: fleet kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
France: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Germany: army/dislodged war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
kie move hol
war disband
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army fin
Turkey: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
