PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move eng
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move hol
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar move bur
mos move ukr
mun move bur
nap move tys
par move pic
rom move nap
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri hold
vie move tyr
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move bla
bot move swe
bre move eng
bul move gre
con move bul
gal support ukr move rum
hol support yor move bel
kie move den
lon move eng
mar move pie
mun move bur
nap move rom
nth convoy yor move bel
pic move bel
ser move gre
sev move bla
tri move ven
tyr support tri move ven
tys move tun
ukr move rum
ven hold
yor move bel via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Austria: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ven move tus
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army kie
build Fleet lvp
build Army mun
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/nc
build Fleet tri
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
bel move pic
bre move eng
bud move tri
bul move ser
bur move gas
con move bul
den move kie
gal move rum
hol hold
kie move mun
lon move eng
lvp move iri
mun move bur
nth support lon move eng
pic move par
pie move mar
rom move ven
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sev move bla
smy move aeg
stp/nc hold
swe hold
tri move alb
tun move ion
tus support rom move ven
tyr move ven
ven move adr
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bul move gre
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg support gre move bul
alb move gre
ank move bla
bre move mid
bul support ser move gre
bur move par
con support gre move bul
eng move bre
gal support rum
gas move spa
gre move bul
hol move nth
ion move nap
iri move mid
kie move ruh
mar move spa
mun hold
nth move nwy
par move bre
pic support eng move bre
rum support bul
ser support alb move gre
sev move arm
tri support adr move ven
tus support ven
tyr support adr move ven
ven hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ven move pie
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet lon
build Fleet lvp
build Fleet sev
build Army vie
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
arm support sev move bla
bla support ser move rum
bre support iri move mid
bud support rum
bul support ser move rum
bur move mar
con move ank
gal move sil
gas support bur move mar
gre hold
iri move mid
lon move nth
lvp move iri
mar move spa
mun support ruh move bur
nap move apu
nth move eng
nwy move nrg
par move bur
pic move par
pie move ven
ruh move bur
rum support ser
ser support gre
sev move bla
stp/nc move nwy
swe move den
tri move ven
tus support pie move ven
tyr support tri move ven
ven move adr
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet arm
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
ank hold
apu move ven
arm move ank
bla support arm move ank
bre hold
bud move ser
bul move rum
bur move mun
con support ank
den move kie
eng move nth
gas move spa
gre support ser move bul
iri move mid
mid move por
mar support gas move spa
mun move ber
nth move nwy
nrg support nth move nwy
nwy move ska
par hold
pic move par
pie support apu move ven
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sil move ber
spa hold
tri move ven
tus support apu move ven
tyr support tri move ven
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet arm
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army bud
build Army edi
build Army smy
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet arm
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr convoy tri move apu
ank support con
apu support pie move ven
arm support rum move ank
ber move pru
bla convoy rum move ank
bre hold
bud move tri
bur move ruh
con support ank
edi move nwy via convoy
gre move ion
kie support sil move ber
mid move wes
mar move bur
mun move kie
nth move den
nrg convoy edi move nwy
nwy move swe
par hold
pic move par
pie move ven
por move mid
rum move ank via convoy
ser move bul
sil move ber
ska move den
smy support ank
spa hold
tri move apu via convoy
tus support pie move ven
tyr move ven
war move pru
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet arm
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ven
ank support con
apu support ven
arm move ank
ber hold
bla support bul move con
bre hold
bud move rum
bul support bud move rum
bur support pic move par
con support ank
ion move apu
kie move hol
mid move wes
mun support ber
nth move den
nrg move nwy
nwy move stp
par hold
pic move par
ruh move hol
rum move sev
ser support bul
sil move boh
ska move nth
smy support ank
spa move mar
swe support nth move den
tri support adr move ven
tus support ven
tyr support adr move ven
war move sil
wes move naf
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet arm
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
France: army/dislodged par
France: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
par disband
ven move pie
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet arm
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove arm
remove bla
build Army bud
build Fleet edi
build Fleet lon
build Army lvp
remove sev
build Army vie
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move arm
apu move ven
ber hold
boh move mun
bre move mid
bud move gal
bul move rum
bur move ruh
con move bla
den hold
edi move nth
ion move tys
kie move hol
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar move pie
mun support ber
naf move tun
nth move bel
nwy move nrg
par move gas
pie support apu move ven
ruh move hol
rum move ukr
ser move bud
sil support boh move mun
smy move con
stp move mos
swe move nwy
tri support ven
tus support apu move ven
tyr support mun
ven hold
wes move tys
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
apu move ven
arm support con move sev
bel move pic
ber support den move kie
bla convoy con move sev
boh hold
bud move ser
bur support mun
con move sev via convoy
den move kie
eng support yor move bel
gal move war
gas move naf via convoy
ion move nap
kie move bal
mid convoy gas move naf
mar move pie
mos support ukr move sev
mun support ber
nth convoy yor move bel
nrg move nat
nwy move nrg
pie support apu move ven
ruh move hol
rum support ukr move sev
sil support gal move war
tri support ven
tun support wes move tys
tus support apu move ven
tyr support mar move pie
ukr move sev
ven hold
wes move tys
yor move bel via convoy
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: army naf
England: fleet nat
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Russia: fleet pic
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
remove apu
remove bal
remove boh
build Army bud
build Army edi
build Army lon
remove pic
remove sil
build Army vie
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: army naf
England: fleet nat
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
ber move kie
bla support arm move sev
bud move ser
bur move par
con move bul
edi move nwy via convoy
eng convoy lon move bre
kie move den
lon move bre via convoy
mid move wes
mos hold
mun move ruh
naf move tun
nat move mid
nap hold
nth convoy edi move nwy
nrg move nat
pie move mar
rum move sev
ser move gre
sev move mos
tri support tyr move ven
tun move ion
tus hold
tyr move ven
tys support tun move ion
ven move adr
vie move bud
war support sev move mos
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Austria: army mos
England: army/dislodged mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
England: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: army tun
England: supply tun
Italy: army tus
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
mos move stp
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Austria: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
England: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: army tun
England: supply tun
Italy: army tus
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
bel hold
bla support sev
bud move rum
bul move rum
den move nth
eng support bel
gre support ser move bul
hol move bel
ion move nap
kie move hol
mid support tun move spa
mar move spa
mos support rum move sev
nat move nrg
nap support ven move rom
nth move den
nwy move swe
par hold
ruh support hol move bel
rum move sev
ser move bul
sev support bul move rum
stp move mos
tri move ven
tun move spa via convoy
tys support ion move nap
ven move rom
war support mos
wes convoy tun move spa
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Austria: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
Austria: fleet/dislodged nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
England: supply par
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
Germany: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
Italy: army tus
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
nap move apu
rum move gal
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
Italy: army tus
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet con
build Army mun
build Fleet smy
remove tus
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu support ion move nap
bel move bur
bla support sev move rum
bre support spa move gas
bud move tri
bul move ser
con support rum move bul
den hold
eng support nth move bel
gal move vie
gre move alb
hol hold
ion move nap
kie support den
mid move spa/sc
mar hold
mos support war move lvn
mun move bur
nap move rom
nth move bel
nrg move nwy
par hold
rom support ion move nap
ruh support hol
rum move bul
sev move rum
smy move aeg
spa move gas
stp move mos
swe move den
tys support nap move rom
ven support rom
war move lvn
wes move tun
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb hold
apu support aeg move ion
bel move hol
bla move con
bre support gas move par
bul hold
con move aeg
den hold
eng move bel
gas move par
hol hold
kie support den
lvn move stp
mar move gas
mos support lvn move stp
mun move bur
nap support aeg move ion
nth support bel move hol
nwy support stp
par support mun move bur
rom support nap
ruh support hol
rum move sev
ser move tri
spa/sc hold
stp hold
swe hold
tri move ven
tun support tys
tys hold
ven move pie
vie move tyr
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
Germany: army/dislodged par
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
par move pic
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Germany: army pic
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army lon
remove pic
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support ion
alb move gre
apu move nap
bel move bur
bre support par
bul move ser
bur support hol move bel
con hold
den hold
eng move bel
gas move mar
hol move bel
ion support apu move nap
kie support den
lon move nwy via convoy
lvn move stp
mos support lvn move stp
nap move rom
nth convoy lon move nwy
nwy move ska
par support bel move bur
pie support gas move mar
rom move tus
ruh support hol
sev hold
smy move eas
spa/sc move mar
stp hold
swe move den
tri move ser
tun support tys
tyr support pie
tys hold
ven support nap move rom
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Germany: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
England: army/dislodged stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bur move mun
stp move fin
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bre move pic
bul hold
bur move mar
con move aeg
den move nth
eas support aeg move ion
eng move bel
fin move stp
gre move alb
hol support ruh move bel
ion move tys
kie move ruh
mar hold
mos support stp
mun move bur
nap support ion move tys
nth support eng move bel
nwy support fin move stp
par move bur
pie support mar
rom support ion move tys
ruh move bel
sev hold
ska move den
spa/sc support bur move mar
stp hold
swe support ska move den
tri move ven
tun support tys
tus support rom
tyr move vie
tys hold
ven move tyr
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
England: fleet/dislodged tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
den move hel
tys move gol
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army tri
remove tun
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg hold
alb move tri
bel move bur
bul hold
bur move mar
den move bal
eas hold
eng move bel
fin move stp
hel move nth
hol move kie
ion convoy alb move apu
gol support bur move mar
mar hold
mos support stp
mun support hol move kie
nap support rom move tys
nth support eng move hol
nwy support fin move stp
par move bur
pic support par move bur
pie support mar
rom move tys
ruh support bel move bur
sev hold
spa/sc support bur move mar
stp hold
swe move den
tri move vie
tus support pie
tyr move mun
tys move wes
ven move tyr
vie move boh
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
Germany: army/dislodged mar
Germany: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
mar move gas
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg hold
bal move ber
bel move hol
boh move sil
bul hold
den hold
eas move ion
eng move mid
fin move stp
gas move mar
hel move den
ion move tun
kie support hel move den
gol support spa/sc
mar hold
mos support stp
mun move ber
nap move tys
nth support den
nwy support fin move stp
par support pic move bre
pic move bre
pie support gas move mar
ruh support bel move hol
sev hold
spa/sc hold
stp hold
tri move vie
tus support pie
tyr support mun
tys move gol
ven support pie
vie move boh
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
England: army/dislodged mar
Germany: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
mar move bur
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bre
build Army smy
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal convoy den move lvn
boh move sil
bul hold
bur move gas
den move lvn via convoy
fin move stp
hel support kie move den
hol move bel
ion move tun
kie move den
gol hold
mid hold
mar hold
mos support stp
mun move bur
nap hold
nth hold
nwy support fin move stp
par support bur move gas
pie support mar
ruh support hol move bel
sev hold
sil move pru
smy move con
spa/sc support gol
stp hold
tun move naf
tus support pie
tyr move boh
tys support wes move gol
ven move tyr
vie move tri
wes move gol
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move swe
bel move pic
boh move sil
bul move gre
bur move gas
con move bul
den hold
fin support lvn move stp
gas hold
hel move hol
ion move tun
lvn move stp
gol move spa/sc
mid hold
mar move spa
mos support stp
naf support wes move mid
nth move bel
nwy support lvn move stp
par support gas
pie support mar
pru move war
ruh move mun
sev hold
sil move ber
stp hold
tri move ven
tun move wes
tus support pie
tyr move boh
tys support tun move wes
wes move mid
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
England: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
England: fleet/dislodged mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Germany: army pic
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
mid move eng
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
England: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Germany: army pic
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet lvp
remove pic
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
England: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move nth
ber move pru
boh hold
bul move con
bur move bel
eng support bel move nth
fin support stp
gas move mar
gre hold
hol move hel
lvp move iri
gol move wes
mid support bur move gas
mar move gas
mos support war move lvn
mun move ber
naf support mid
nap move tys
nwy move swe
pie support mar
sev hold
sil hold
smy move aeg
spa/sc move por
stp hold
swe move bal
tun support wes
tus support pie
tys move gol
ven move tyr
war move lvn
wes support tys move gol
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
England: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet/dislodged gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
gol move spa/sc
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
England: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal move den
bel hold
ber hold
boh support sil
con move bul
den hold
eng support iri move mid
fin support stp
gas support spa/sc
gre move ser
hel move hol
iri move mid
lvn support pru
gol support wes move spa
mid move por
mar support wes move spa
mos support lvn
naf move wes
nth support bal move den
par hold
pie support mar
por support iri move mid
sev hold
sil support ber
spa/sc support iri move mid
stp hold
swe support bal move den
tun support naf move wes
tus move ven
tyr move tri
tys support gol
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army/dislodged den
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Turkey: fleet/dislodged mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
den move kie
mid move nat
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
build Army mun
remove pie
remove pru
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move pic
ber move kie
boh move vie
bul move rum
con move bul
den move nth
eng move iri
fin support stp
gas move spa
hol move bel
ion move nap
kie move ruh
lvn move mos
gol move tys
mid hold
mar support mun move bur
mos move ukr
mun move bur
nat move lvp
nth move nrg
par hold
por support gas move spa
ser move tri
sev hold
sil move gal
smy move aeg
spa/sc move mid
stp hold
swe move den
tri move bud
tun support wes move tys
tys move nap
ven move tri
wes move tys
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: fleet/dislodged tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
spa/sc move wes
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bel move hol
bud support gal move rum
bul move rum
bur support pic move par
den hold
fin move stp
gal move rum
ion move adr
iri move eng
kie support bel move hol
lvp hold
gol support mid move wes
mid move wes
mar hold
mos support ukr move sev
nth move hol
nrg move cly
par move bre
pic move par
por support spa
ruh move bel
rum move ukr
ser move tri
sev support rum move ukr
spa hold
stp move lvn
tun move tys
tys move nap
ukr move sev
ven move tri
vie support bud
wes support tun move tys
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
Turkey: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
England: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Turkey: army/dislodged sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
Turkey: fleet/dislodged wes
ORDERS
sev move arm
wes move naf
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
Turkey: fleet lvp
Turkey: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
remove lvp
build Army tri
remove wes
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
Turkey: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
arm move sev
bel move pic
ber move kie
bre move gas
bud support tri move ser
bul move rum
bur move gas
cly move lvp
den hold
eng move nth
hol move bel
ion move alb
kie move hol
lvn support stp move mos
gol move wes
mar support bur move gas
mos move ukr
naf move wes
nap move rom
nth move ska
par move bre
por move mid
rum move bul
ser support bul move rum
sev support mos move ukr
spa hold
stp move mos
tri move ser
tys support nap move rom
ukr support arm move sev
ven support vie move tri
vie move tri
PHASE 1913 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
Turkey: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
Austria: army/dislodged mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: army/dislodged ser
Turkey: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
mos move war
ser move gre
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
Turkey: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
alb hold
arm support ukr move sev
bel hold
bre hold
bud move ser
bul hold
den hold
gas support mar move spa
gre support bul
hol hold
kie hold
lvn move war
lvp hold
gol support mar move spa
mid support nth move eng
mar move spa
mos support lvn move war
naf move wes
nth move eng
par move bre
pic support par move bre
rom hold
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev move mos
ska move swe
spa move por
tri support bud move ser
tys move wes
ukr move sev
ven support tri
war support sev move mos
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: army por
England: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
build Fleet lon
build Army mun
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: army por
England: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
alb hold
arm support sev
bel move nth
ber move bal
bre hold
bud support ser
bul hold
den move kie
eng support lon move nth
gas support spa
gre support bul
hol move bel
ion support alb
kie move hel
lon move nth
lvn move war
lvp move iri
gol move wes
mid hold
mos support lvn move war
mun move kie
naf move wes
pic support bre
por hold
rom hold
rum support war move ukr
ser support rum
sev hold
spa hold
swe move bal
tri support ser
tys support naf move wes
ven move rom
war hold
PHASE 1914 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: army por
England: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
Austria: army/dislodged war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
war move ukr
PHASE 1914 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: army por
England: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb hold
arm support sev
bel move nth
ber support mun move kie
bre hold
bud move ser
bul hold
den move kie
eng support nth
gas support spa
gre support bul
hel support bel move nth
hol move bel
ion support alb
iri support mid
gol move tus
mid support wes move spa
mos hold
mun move kie
nth hold
pic support bre
por support wes move spa
rom hold
rum support bud move ser
ser move alb
sev support mos move ukr
spa hold
swe move bal
tri support ser move alb
tys move gol
ukr support rum
ven support gol move tus
war support mos
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1914 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: army por
England: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army/dislodged spa
Germany: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
spa move mar
PHASE 1914 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: army por
England: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet con
build Army edi
remove pic
remove ukr
PHASE 1915 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army por
England: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
alb move ion
arm support sev
bal support den
bel move nth
ber hold
bre move pic
bud support rum
bul hold
con move aeg
den hold
eng support nth
gas move bre
gre support bul
hel support kie move den
hol move kie
ion move tys
iri move nat
kie move den
gol support spa/sc
mar move bur
nth hold
rom hold
rum support ser
ser support rum
sev hold
spa/sc hold
tri support ser
tus move rom
ven support tus move rom
war move sil
PHASE 1915 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: army por
England: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Turkey: fleet/dislodged rom
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: supply war
ORDERS
rom move nap
PHASE 1915 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: army por
England: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul
arm support sev
bal support den
bel move nth
bre hold
bud support rum
bul hold
bur move bel
den hold
eng move bel
gre move tus via convoy
hel move den
hol support bur move bel
ion convoy gre move tus
kie support hel move den
gol support spa/sc
mid move bre
mos hold
nat move nrg
nap hold
nth hold
pic support bre
por hold
rom hold
rum support ser
ser support rum
sev hold
sil move ber
spa/sc hold
tri support ser
tys convoy gre move tus
ven support rom
PHASE 1915 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: army por
England: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: supply war
ORDERS
remove arm
build Army vie
PHASE 1916 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: army por
England: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul
bal support den move ber
ber hold
bre hold
bud move gal
bul hold
bur move mar
den move ber
edi move nwy via convoy
eng move bel
hel move kie
hol support bel
ion move gre
kie support ber
gol support spa/sc
mid support por move spa
mos hold
nap hold
nth support eng move bel
nrg convoy edi move nwy
pic support bre
por move spa
rom hold
rum move ukr
ser move rum
sev hold
sil support den move ber
spa/sc hold
tri move ser
tus hold
tys support tus
ven support rom
vie move boh
PHASE 1916 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: army por
England: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal support den
bel hold
ber hold
boh move sil
bre hold
bul hold
den hold
eng support nrg move nth
gal support boh move sil
gre support bul
hol support bel
kie support ber
gol support spa/sc
mid support por move spa
mar support por move spa
mos support sil move war
nap hold
nth move ska
nrg move nth
nwy move stp
pic support bre
por move spa
rom hold
rum hold
ser support rum
sev support ukr move mos
sil move war
spa/sc hold
tus move pie
tys move wes
ukr move mos
ven support rom
PHASE 1916 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Austria: army mos
England: army/dislodged mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Turkey: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
mos move lvn
PHASE 1916 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Turkey: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
PHASE 1917 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Turkey: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support den
bel move eng
ber move bal
bre move gas
bud move rum
bul hold
den hold
eng move mid
gal support mos move war
gre support bul
hel support kie move den
hol support bel
ion move tys
kie move den
lvn support stp move mos
gol convoy pie move spa
mid move spa/sc
mar support pie move spa
mos move war
nap support ion move tys
nth move eng
pic move bre
pie move spa via convoy
rom hold
rum move ukr
ser support bud move rum
sev hold
sil support mos move war
ska move nth
spa move gas
stp move mos
ven support rom
war hold
wes move mid
PHASE 1917 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
England: army/dislodged den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
England: army/dislodged spa
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
England: army/dislodged war
England: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
den move swe
spa move por
war move pru
PHASE 1917 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: army por
England: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
England: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support pru move ber
bel move nth
ber move bal
bre hold
bul hold
den hold
eng move mid
gal move war
gre support bul
hel support den
hol support bel
lvn support mos
gol support spa
mid move naf
mar move bur
mos hold
nap hold
nth support ska move den
pic support bre
por move spa
pru move ber
rom hold
rum support ukr
ser support rum
sev support war move mos
sil support gal move war
ska move den
spa support mid move gas
swe support ska move den
tys move tun
ukr support war move mos
ven support rom
war move mos
wes move mid
PHASE 1917 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
England: army ber
Germany: fleet/dislodged ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Germany: supply mar
Austria: army mos
England: army/dislodged mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: army por
England: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
England: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move kie
mos move stp
PHASE 1917 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Germany: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: army por
England: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet con
remove naf
remove por
PHASE 1918 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Germany: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support ber
bel support hel move nth
ber hold
bre hold
bud move rum
bul hold
bur move mun
con move aeg
den move kie
eng support nth
gre support bul
hel move nth
hol move ruh
kie move hol
lvn move stp
gol move spa/sc
mos move lvn
nap hold
nth hold
pic support bel
rom hold
rum move ukr
ser support bud move rum
sev support ukr move mos
sil support bur move mun
ska move den
spa move gas
stp move fin
swe support ska move den
tun move naf
ukr move mos
ven support rom
war support mos move lvn
wes move mid
PHASE 1918 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal hold
bel support hol move nth
ber hold
bre hold
bul hold
den hold
eng hold
fin hold
gas move mar
gre support bul
hel support hol move nth
hol move nth
kie move ber
lvn move stp
mid move nat
mos support lvn move stp
mun support kie move ber
naf move mid
nap move rom
nth hold
pic support bel
rom hold
ruh move kie
rum move ser
ser move alb
sev support ukr move mos
sil support kie move ber
spa/sc support naf move mid
stp hold
swe hold
ukr move rum
ven move apu
war move ukr
PHASE 1918 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
England: army/dislodged ber
England: supply ber
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
England: army/dislodged stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
ber move pru
nth move edi
stp move nwy
PHASE 1918 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
remove bal
build Army bud
build Fleet con
remove pic
PHASE 1919 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
