PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move wal
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bre
rom move apu
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move tri
vie move tyr
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
apu move ven
bla support con move bul
bot move swe
bul move gre
con move bul
den hold
eng convoy wal move bel
gal move vie
ion move tun
kie move hol
mid move por
nth move nwy
ruh move mun
rum hold
ser support alb move gre
tri move ven
tyr move ven
ukr move gal
wal move bel
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet edi
build Fleet kie
build Army lon
build Army mar
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet sev
build Fleet smy
build Army stp
build Army ven
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move bur
ber move pru
bla move rum
bul support bla move rum
con move ank
den move swe
edi move nth
eng convoy lon move bel
gal move bud
gre move ion
hol hold
kie move bal
lon move bel
mar move bur
mun move sil
nap support tun move ion
nwy support edi move nth
par move pic
por move mid
rum hold
ser support bla move rum
sev support rum
smy move con
spa move mar
stp move lvn
swe move bal
tri support ven
tun move ion
tyr move pie
ven support tri
vie support gal move bud
war move pru
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
apu move alb via convoy
bel support lon move hol
ber move pru
bud support vie move tri
bul move ser
con move aeg
den support kie move bal
eng support bel
gre support ser move alb
hol hold
ion convoy apu move alb
kie move bal
lon move hol via convoy
lvn move pru
mid move wes
nap move tys
nth convoy lon move hol
nwy support nth
pic move bur
pie move tus
ser move alb
sev move rum
sil support ber move pru
swe move bal
vie move tri
war support lvn move pru
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
Germany: army/dislodged hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
hol move kie
tri move tyr
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove alb
build Army ank
remove bal
remove gre
build Army lon
build Army mos
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/sc
remove tyr
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg convoy con move gre
ank move con
apu move gre via convoy
bel support lon move pic
ber move mun
bud move vie
bur move mun
con move gre via convoy
den hold
eng convoy lon move pic
hol move ruh
ion convoy apu move gre
kie support den
lon move pic
lvn move pru
mar move pie
mos support war
nth support nwy
nwy support nth
ser support con move gre
sil support ber move mun
smy move eas
spa move tun via convoy
stp/sc move bot
swe move ska
tri move tyr
tus move rom
tys move rom
ven move rom
war hold
wes convoy spa move tun
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
France: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
apu move rom
bel support pic
bot move swe
bur move par
con move bul
den support kie
eas move ion
eng move bre
gre hold
ion move tys
kie support den
mos move war
mun support sil move ber
nth support ruh move hol
nwy support nth
pic support eng move bre
pie move ven
pru support war move sil
ruh move hol
rum move bla
ser move tri
sev move rum
sil move ber
tus support pie move ven
tyr support ser move tri
tys move gol
ven move tri
vie move boh
war move sil
wes support tun
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: army/dislodged bre
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
France: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bre move gas
ven move apu
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove apu
build Army lon
build Fleet mar
build Fleet smy
remove tus
remove tys
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bel move bur
ber support mun
bla move con
boh support tyr move mun
bre support pic
bul move ser
den move swe
gas support par move bre
gre move alb
hol move ruh
ion move tys
kie support ber
lon move hol
gol move spa/sc
mar move spa/sc
mun support ber
nth convoy lon move hol
par move bre
pic support bel move bur
pru support sil move ber
rom move ven
sil move ber
ska move den
smy move eas
swe support ska move den
tri support rom move ven
tyr move mun
war move sil
wes move tys
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
England: fleet/dislodged bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army ven
France: army/dislodged ven
France: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bre move mid
den move bal
ven move tyr
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb support ser move tri
bal support kie
ber move mun
boh move vie
bur move par
con move bul/sc
den move kie
eas move ion
gas move par
hol move kie
ion move nap
kie support ber move mun
gol move spa/sc
mid move bre
mun support tri move tyr
nth move nwy
nwy move stp/nc
pic support bur move par
pru support sil move ber
ruh support hol move kie
ser move tri
sil move ber
swe hold
tri move tyr
tyr move vie
war move sil
wes move tys
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bal
build Army con
build Fleet lon
build Army mos
build Fleet rom
remove tun
remove tyr
build Army war
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb support ser move tri
ber move kie
boh support tri move tyr
bul/sc move gre
con hold
den support ber move kie
gas move spa
gre move ion
ion move tys
kie move ber
lon move nth
mid support pic move bre
mar support gas move spa
mun support ber move kie
nap support ion move tys
nwy support stp/nc
par support pic move bre
pic move bre
pru move ber
rom move tys
ruh move bur
rum move bul/ec
ser move tri
sil support mun
spa/sc move mid
stp/nc support nwy
swe hold
tri move tyr
tys move tun
ven move tyr
war move lvn
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: army bre
France: army/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Germany: army/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bre move gas
kie move ruh
spa/sc move por
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move tri
boh move mun
bre support par move gas
bur move mar
con move bul
den move nth
gas support mar
gre support con move bul
ion move tun
kie support mun move ruh
lvn support mos move stp
mid move spa/sc
mar support spa
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nap support tys move rom
nth move bel
nwy move nth
par move gas
rom move tus
ruh move bel
spa support gas
stp/nc move nwy
swe move nwy
tri move ven
tun move wes
tyr support tri move ven
tys move rom
ven move pie
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
England: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet/dislodged bul/ec
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet/dislodged stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bul/ec disband
stp/nc disband
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet con
build Fleet lon
build Army mos
remove pie
build Army sev
build Fleet smy
remove tus
build Army war
remove wes
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
bre move pic
bul move ser
bur support hol move ruh
con move aeg
den hold
gas move mar
gre move ion
hol move ruh
kie support ruh move hol
lon move nth
lvn move pru
mid move spa/sc
mar support spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move tys
nth move hel
nwy move ska
por move spa/nc
rom move tus
ruh move hol
sev move rum
smy move eas
spa support mar
stp support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tri move tyr
tun move naf
tyr move mun
ven move pie
war move gal
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
Turkey: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
bur move mar
con move bul
den hold
eas move ion
gal move boh
gas support bur move mar
hel support hol move kie
hol move kie
ion move tun
kie support ruh move hol
mid move spa/sc
mar support spa
mun move ruh
naf move mid
nth move den
nwy hold
pic move bel
pie support mar
por support mid move spa
ruh move hol
rum move bud
ser move tri
ska support nth move den
spa support mar
stp support nwy
tri move ven
tus move gol
tyr move mun
tys move wes
ukr move gal
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Russia: fleet/dislodged den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Turkey: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
den move swe
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
Turkey: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet lon
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
Turkey: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bel support kie move hol
ber move kie
boh support mun
bud move vie
bul move gre
bur support spa/sc move mar
den move nth
gas move bre
hel support kie move hol
hol hold
ion move tys
kie move hol
lon move eng
gol support wes move spa
mid support wes move spa
mar hold
mun support ber move kie
nwy move ska
pie move mar
por support wes move spa
pru move ber
ruh support ber move kie
sil support mun
ska support den move nth
smy move aeg
spa/sc move mar
stp move nwy
swe support nwy move ska
tri move tyr
tun move naf
ven move pie
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
Turkey: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
England: fleet/dislodged ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ska move den
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
Turkey: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bel move ruh
ber move kie
boh move sil
bur support mar
den support hel move kie
eng move mid
gal move boh
gre hold
hel move kie
hol support hel move kie
ion move tys
kie move hol
gol support pie move mar
mid move nat
mun move bur
naf move mid
nth move ska
pie move mar
por move mid
ruh support kie move hol
sil move ber
ska support swe move den
spa/sc support naf move mid
swe move den
tys move wes
ven move pie
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
Turkey: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
build Fleet lvp
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/nc
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
Turkey: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel support bur move ruh
ber move kie
bre move gas
bur move ruh
con move bul
den support kie move bal
eng move mid
gre move spa via convoy
hol move kie
ion convoy gre move spa
kie move bal
lvp move nat
gol convoy gre move spa
mid move iri
mar move gas
mun move bur
nat support mid move iri
nth support den
nwy move swe
pie move mar
por move spa/nc
ruh support ber move kie
ska support swe move den
smy move aeg
spa/sc move mid
stp/nc move bar
swe move den
tyr move mun
tys convoy gre move spa
wes support spa/sc move mid
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
Turkey: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move ber
bar move nrg
bel move hol
ber move kie
boh move mun
bre move pic
bul move ser
bur move par
den hold
eng support nth
gre move spa via convoy
hol move kie
ion convoy gre move spa
iri move lvp
lvp move cly
gol convoy gre move spa
mid move eng
mar move gas
mun move bur
nat support iri move lvp
nth support den
nwy hold
pie move mar
por move spa/sc
ruh support hol move kie
sil support boh move mun
ska move den
swe support ska move den
tys convoy gre move spa
vie move boh
wes support gre move spa
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: fleet lvp
Turkey: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Turkey: army par
Turkey: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove eng
remove pic
build Army smy
build Fleet stp/sc
build Army war
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: fleet lvp
Turkey: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Turkey: army par
Turkey: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg convoy smy move tun
bal move ber
ber move kie
boh move sil
bur support mun move ruh
cly move nrg
den support nth
gal move war
gas move bre
hol support kie
ion convoy smy move tun
kie support bal move ber
lvp move cly
gol move wes
mid move eng
mar move gas
mun support ber move kie
nat support wes move mid
nth support cly move nrg
nrg support lvp move cly
nwy hold
par move pic
por move mid
ruh support kie
ser move tri
sil move ber
ska move nth
smy move tun via convoy
spa move por
stp/sc move bot
swe support stp/sc move bot
war move lvn
wes move mid
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: army/dislodged ber
England: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Turkey: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army bur
Turkey: fleet cly
England: fleet/dislodged cly
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Turkey: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Turkey: supply par
Turkey: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move pru
cly move edi
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Turkey: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army bur
Turkey: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Turkey: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Turkey: supply par
Turkey: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg hold
boh support mun
bot move bal
bur move ruh
cly support nrg move edi
edi support nth move nrg
eng convoy tun move lon
gas move bur
hol move ruh
ion hold
kie support ruh move mun
lvn hold
mid convoy tun move lon
mun support pru move ber
nat move nrg
nth move nrg
nrg move edi
nwy hold
pic hold
por move mid
pru move ber
ruh move mun
sil support pru move ber
ska move nth
spa hold
swe support bot move bal
tri move ven
tun move lon via convoy
tys hold
war support lvn
wes convoy tun move lon
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Turkey: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army bur
Turkey: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
England: fleet/dislodged edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
Turkey: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Turkey: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Turkey: supply par
Turkey: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Turkey: army bre
Turkey: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army bur
Turkey: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
Turkey: army lon
Turkey: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Turkey: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Turkey: supply par
Turkey: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
remove hol
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/nc
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Turkey: army bre
Turkey: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army bur
Turkey: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
Turkey: army lon
Turkey: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Turkey: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Turkey: supply par
Turkey: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal support swe move den
ber hold
boh move vie
bre hold
bur move ruh
cly support nat move nrg
con move bul
den support kie
edi move nth
eng support edi move nth
gas move bur
ion move tys
kie support ruh move mun
lon hold
lvn move pru
mid move iri
mun hold
nat move nrg
nth support den
pic hold
por move spa/nc
ruh move mun
sil support ber
ska support swe move den
smy move aeg
spa hold
stp/nc move bar
swe move den
tys move wes
war move gal
wes move mid
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: army bre
Turkey: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army bur
Turkey: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
England: fleet/dislodged den
England: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
Turkey: army lon
Turkey: supply lon
Turkey: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
Russia: army/dislodged mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
Turkey: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Turkey: supply par
Turkey: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
den move hel
mun move tyr
nth move hol
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: army bre
Turkey: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army bur
Turkey: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
England: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
Turkey: army lon
Turkey: supply lon
Turkey: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Turkey: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Turkey: supply par
Turkey: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal support ber move kie
bre move por via convoy
bul move con
bur support tyr move mun
cly support nwy move edi
den support ber move kie
eng move nth
gal move boh
hel support kie
hol support kie
ion move adr
iri move eng
kie support mun move ruh
lon move yor
mid convoy bre move por
mun move ruh
nth move bel
nrg convoy nwy move edi
nwy move edi via convoy
pic support nth move bel
por move mid
pru move ber
ruh support nth move bel
sil support tyr move mun
ska hold
spa support bre move por
tyr move mun
tys hold
ven hold
vie move tri
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
Russia: fleet bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Turkey: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army bur
Turkey: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
Turkey: supply lon
Turkey: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Turkey: fleet nth
Turkey: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Turkey: supply par
Turkey: army pic
Turkey: army por
Turkey: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
Turkey: army yor
ORDERS
remove hel
build Army mos
remove ruh
build Army smy
build Fleet stp/sc
build Army war
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
Russia: fleet bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Turkey: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army bur
Turkey: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
Turkey: supply lon
Turkey: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Turkey: fleet nth
Turkey: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Turkey: supply par
Turkey: army pic
Turkey: army por
Turkey: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
Turkey: army yor
ORDERS
adr support spa move alb
bal support ber move kie
bel hold
ber move kie
boh hold
cly move lvp
den support ber move kie
edi hold
eng support nth
hol move nth
ion convoy spa move alb
kie move ruh
mos move ukr
mun support ber move kie
nrg support nth
pru hold
sil hold
spa move alb via convoy
stp/sc move bot
tri move tyr
tys convoy spa move alb
war support pru
wes convoy spa move alb
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
Russia: fleet bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Turkey: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
England: supply kie
Turkey: supply lon
Turkey: fleet lvp
Turkey: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Turkey: fleet nth
Turkey: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Turkey: supply par
Turkey: army pic
Turkey: army por
Turkey: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
Turkey: army yor
ORDERS
bal support kie
bel hold
boh move sil
bur support bel
den move hel
eng support bel
hol support ruh move bel
ion convoy por move gre
kie hold
mid convoy por move gre
mun hold
nth support kie move hol
nrg support nth
pic support bel
por move gre via convoy
pru support sil move ber
ruh move bel
sil move ber
ska move den
tyr support mun
tys convoy por move gre
wes convoy por move gre
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
Russia: fleet bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
Turkey: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Turkey: supply lon
Turkey: fleet lvp
Turkey: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Turkey: fleet nth
Turkey: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Turkey: supply par
Turkey: army pic
Turkey: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
Turkey: army yor
ORDERS
build Army mos
remove ruh
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
Russia: fleet bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
Turkey: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Turkey: supply lon
Turkey: fleet lvp
Turkey: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Turkey: fleet nth
Turkey: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Turkey: supply par
Turkey: army pic
Turkey: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
Turkey: army yor
ORDERS
bel support kie move hol
eng support nth
hel support kie move hol
hol hold
kie move hol
mun move ruh
nth support hel move hol
nrg support nth
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
Russia: fleet bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
Turkey: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
Turkey: supply lon
Turkey: fleet lvp
Turkey: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Turkey: fleet nth
Turkey: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Turkey: supply par
Turkey: army pic
Turkey: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
Turkey: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
eng support nth
ion move aeg
mid support eng
nth support nrg
nrg support nth
smy move ank
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
Russia: fleet bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
Turkey: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
Turkey: supply lon
Turkey: fleet lvp
Turkey: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Turkey: fleet nth
Turkey: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Turkey: supply par
Turkey: army pic
Turkey: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
Turkey: army yor
ORDERS
build Army stp
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
Russia: fleet bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
Turkey: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
Turkey: supply lon
Turkey: fleet lvp
Turkey: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Turkey: fleet nth
Turkey: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Turkey: supply par
Turkey: army pic
Turkey: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
Turkey: army yor
ORDERS
