PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move apu
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven hold
vie move bud
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
apu move tun via convoy
bla convoy con move sev
bot move swe
bud support bul move rum
bul move rum
bur move mun
con move sev via convoy
edi move nwy via convoy
hol support ruh move bel
ion convoy apu move tun
kie move ber
mid move por
nth move den
nrg convoy edi move nwy
ruh move bel
rum hold
ser support alb move gre
spa hold
ukr move sev
ven hold
war hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet bre
build Fleet edi
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Army mar
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet sev
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
bel move bur
ber move mun
bla support rum
bre move eng
bud move gal
con move bul
den support edi move nth
edi move nth
gre move ion
hol move bel
ion move eas
kie support ber move mun
lon move eng
mar move bur
mos support sev
mun move ruh
nap move ion
nrg support nwy
par move pic
por move mid
rum support con move bul
ser move tri
sev support ukr move rum
spa move mar
tri move adr
tun hold
ukr move rum
ven hold
vie move tyr
war support ukr
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support gre move ion
arm move smy
bel move bur
bla support bul move rum
bre move eng
bul support rum
den move bal
eas move smy
gal support rum move ukr
gre move ion
hol move bel
kie support mun move ruh
lon move nth
mid support bre move eng
mar move bur
mos support sev
mun move ruh
nap move apu
nth move den
pic support ruh move bel
ruh move bel
rum move ukr
spa move mar
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
ukr support sev
ven hold
war support ukr
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ven move rom
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Army con
remove eas
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move apu
apu move nap
arm move sev
bal move ber
bel support mar move bur
bla support arm move sev
bre move eng
bud move vie
bul hold
con hold
den move kie
eng move lon
gal move ukr
hol hold
ion support adr move apu
kie move mun
mid move iri
mar move bur
mos support sev
nth move hel
nrg move nth
pic support bel
rom move ven
ruh support hol
rum support arm move sev
spa move gas
tri move tyr
ukr support sev
ven move rom
war support ukr
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu move nap
bel move hol
ber support kie
bla support sev
bul move rum
bur support tyr move mun
con move bul
eng move nth
gal support rum move ukr
gas support bur
hel support nth
hol hold
ion support apu move nap
iri move lvp
kie support ber
lon support eng move nth
mos move sev
mun support ruh
nap move ion
nth convoy nwy move yor
nwy move yor via convoy
pic support bel
rom move apu
ruh support hol
rum move ukr
sev support rum move ukr
tyr move mun
ukr move gal
ven move rom
vie move bud
war support ukr move gal
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army/dislodged gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Italy: fleet/dislodged nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
gal move sil
mun move sil
nap move tys
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army con
remove ruh
build Army tri
remove tun
remove tys
build Army vie
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
apu move rom
bel support hol
ber move kie
bla move con
bre move mid
bud support rum move gal
bul move rum
bur move ruh
con move bul
eng move nth
gal move ukr
gas move bur
hel move nth
hol move kie
ion move tun
kie move hel
lon support eng move nth
lvp hold
mos hold
mun move boh
nap support rom move apu
nth move edi
pic support bel
rom move apu
rum move gal
sev support ukr move mos
swe move bot
tri move ven
ukr move mos
vie support bud
war support gal move ukr
yor move lon
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
mos move lvn
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
apu hold
bel move hol
ber move kie
boh support vie move gal
bot move stp/sc
bud move ser
bul hold
bur move bel
con move aeg
edi support hel move nth
eng convoy pic move wal
gal move war
hel move nth
hol move kie
kie move den
lon move yor
lvn move mos
lvp support pic move wal
mid move nat
nap move ion
pic move wal via convoy
ruh support bel move hol
rum move ukr
sev support mos
tun support nap move ion
ukr support lvn move mos
ven move tyr
vie move gal
war support lvn move mos
yor move lon
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army/dislodged gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: fleet/dislodged hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
gal move bud
hol move hel
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army con
remove hel
build Army mar
build Fleet smy
build Army tri
remove ukr
build Army vie
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg convoy con move gre
apu hold
ber move kie
boh move gal
bud move ser
bul support bud move ser
con move gre via convoy
den support ber move kie
edi support nth
eng move nth
gal move bud
hol support ruh move kie
ion hold
lon support wal move yor
lvn move mos
lvp move cly
mar move bur
mos move ukr
nat move nrg
nth support yor move lon
ruh move kie
rum support bud move ser
ser support gal move bud
sev support mos move ukr
smy move eas
stp/sc hold
tri support ser
tun move ion
tyr move mun
vie support gal move bud
wal move yor
war support lvn move mos
yor move lon
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
England: army/dislodged yor
ORDERS
ser move alb
yor move lvp
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
alb support ion move gre
apu hold
bel move hol
ber move kie
bud support tri move ser
bul support ser
bur move bel
cly move edi
den support ber move kie
eas move ion
edi move cly
eng move nth
gal support war move ukr
gre move alb
hol move kie
ion move gre
lon support eng move nth
lvp support edi
mos support war move ukr
mun support hol move kie
nth move eng
nrg support cly move edi
ruh support hol move kie
rum move bud
sev support ukr move mos
tri move ser
tun move ion
ukr move mos
vie support bud
war move ukr
yor move lvp
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
France: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
England: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
France: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
mos move war
nth move nwy
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
build Army con
build Army mar
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support ion move gre
alb move ser
apu move nap
bel move ruh
ber move kie
bud support alb move ser
bul support ser
den support ber move kie
edi move cly
gal move rum
gre move bul/sc
hol support ruh move kie
ion move gre
kie move ber
lon move wal
mar move bur
mos support rum move ukr
mun support kie move ber
nth support nrg move nwy
nrg move nwy
nwy move swe
ruh move kie
rum move ukr
ser hold
sev support rum move ukr
tri support alb move ser
tun move ion
ukr move mos
vie support bud
war support ukr move mos
yor move lvp
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: fleet/dislodged gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Turkey: army/dislodged mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
gre move alb
mos move lvn
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support gre
alb move gre
bel move ruh
ber move kie
bud support rum
bul support gre
bur support bel move ruh
cly move edi
con support bul
den support ber move kie
gre hold
hol support ruh move kie
ion support alb move gre
kie move ber
lvn move war
lvp move edi
mos support war
mun support kie move ber
nth move den
nwy move swe
ruh move kie
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev move mos
swe move nwy
tri move alb
ukr support lvn move war
vie move gal
wal support yor move lvp
war support mos
yor move lvp
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
England: fleet/dislodged ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Turkey: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move bal
war move pru
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
remove bal
build Fleet bre
build Fleet mar
build Army par
remove stp/sc
build Army vie
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre
alb move gre
ber move pru
bre move mid
bud move rum
bul support ukr move rum
bur move mar
cly move nrg
con support bul
den move swe
gal support rum move ukr
gre support bul
hol move kie
ion support alb move gre
kie move den via convoy
mar move gol
mos support pru move war
nth support kie move den
nwy move swe
par move bur
pru move war
ruh support hol move kie
rum move ukr
ser support bud move rum
sev support ukr move rum
swe move nwy
ukr move rum
wal move iri
war move lvn
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
England: fleet/dislodged den
England: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
den move hel
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
England: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre
alb support ser move gre
bud support vie move gal
bul support gre
bur move mun
con support bul
den move swe
gal move war
hel move kie
ion support ser move gre
iri convoy lvp move naf
kie move den
lvn move stp
lvp move naf via convoy
gol move tys
mid convoy lvp move naf
mar move pie
mos move stp
mun move boh
nap hold
nth move hol
nrg move nth
nwy support den move swe
pru move ber
ruh support bur move mun
ser move gre
sev support rum
swe move den
tri move ser
vie move gal
war hold
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
England: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: army naf
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
France: army swe
England: fleet/dislodged swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
swe move fin
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: army naf
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
France: army swe
France: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove kie
build Fleet mar
remove nap
build Army par
build Army stp
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
England: supply kie
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: army naf
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
France: army swe
France: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre
alb move ion
ber move sil
boh support gal move sil
bud move vie
bul move rum
con move bul
den move nwy via convoy
fin move bot
gal move sil
gre support alb move ion
hol move kie
ion move nap
iri move mid
lvn move pru
mid move wes
mar move gol
mos support stp
mun move tyr
naf move tun
nth convoy den move nwy
nwy move bar
par move gas
pie move ven
ruh move mun
rum move ukr
ser move tri
sev support rum move ukr
swe support den move nwy
tri move ven
tys support naf move tun
vie move tyr
war support mos
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet kie
England: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
France: army swe
France: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
Austria: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bar support nwy move stp
ber support ruh move mun
boh support vie move tyr
bot move bal
bul move rum
gas move tus via convoy
gre support aeg move ion
ion move nap
kie support ber
gol convoy gas move tus
mid convoy gas move tus
mos support stp
mun move tyr
nap move rom
nth move den
nwy move stp
pie move ven
pru move war
ruh move mun
rum move gal
ser move tri
sev move mos
sil support pru move ber
swe support nth move den
tri move ven
tun hold
tys move rom
ukr support pru move war
vie move tyr
war support mos
wes convoy gas move tus
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: fleet/dislodged ion
France: fleet kie
England: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: army stp
Russia: army/dislodged stp
Russia: supply stp
France: army swe
France: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
Austria: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ion move apu
stp move lvn
war disband
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: army stp
France: supply stp
France: army swe
France: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
