PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
con move bul
edi move nth
lon move eng
lvp move wal
mos move ukr
nap move ion
rom move ven
sev move rum
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
bot move swe
bul move rum
eng convoy wal move bel
gal move bud
ion move gre
nth move nwy
rom move ven
rum support ukr move sev
ukr move sev
ven move tri
wal move bel
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army con
build Fleet edi
build Army lon
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move hol
bla support sev
bul move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
eng convoy lon move bel
gal move rum
gre move ion
lon move bel
mos support rum move sev
nap move tys
nwy move nrg
rum move sev
sev hold
smy move aeg
ukr support rum move sev
ven move tri
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: army/dislodged sev
Russia: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
sev move arm
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
arm move sev
bel move ruh
bla support bul move rum
bul move rum
eng move mid
ion move adr
mos support sev
nth move den
nrg move nwy
rom move ven
ser support bul move rum
sev support rum
swe hold
tys move tun
ukr support rum
ven move tyr
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
rum move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army con
build Fleet edi
build Army lon
build Army nap
build Army rom
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
con move bul
den support hol move kie
edi move nth
gal move sil
hol move kie
ion move tys
mid move spa/nc
mos support sev
nap move rom
nwy move stp/nc
ruh move bur
rum move bud
ser support rum move bud
swe move bal
tyr support ven move tri
ukr support sev
ven move tri
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
Germany: fleet/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: fleet/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bal support sil move ber
bla support arm move sev
bud move gal
bul move rum
bur move gas
den move swe
lon move bel
mos support sev
nth convoy lon move bel
ser support bul move rum
sev support ukr move rum
sil move ber
spa/nc move por
tys move gol
ukr move rum
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: army/dislodged ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
England: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
England: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bal
build Army edi
build Army lon
build Fleet lvp
build Army nap
build Army ven
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
England: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
arm move sev
bel move ruh
ber move sil
bla support arm move sev
edi move yor
gal move war
gas support por move spa/sc
lon move hol
lvp move iri
gol move spa/sc
mos move war
nap move apu
nth convoy lon move hol
por move spa/sc
rom move ven
rum support arm move sev
ser move bud
swe move bal
tri move vie
tun move wes
tyr support tri move vie
ukr support sev
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
England: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
England: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
apu move ven
bal move ber
bla support sev
bud move gal
gal move war
gas move mar
hol move ruh
ion move tys
iri move eng
kie support ruh move mun
gol support wes move spa/sc
mos move sev
nth convoy yor move bel
ruh move mun
rum move ukr
sev support rum move ukr
sil move war
spa/sc support gas move mar
tyr move boh
ukr support mos move sev
ven move pie
wes move spa/sc
yor move bel
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
England: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
England: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
spa/sc move por
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
England: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army con
build Army edi
build Army lon
build Fleet lvp
build Army nap
build Army rom
remove sil
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
England: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move bur
ber move bal
bla support sev
boh hold
con move bul
edi move hol
eng convoy lon move pic
gal move war
gas support por move spa/sc
kie move ber
lon move pic
lvp move iri
gol support spa/sc
mos support ukr move war
nap move apu
nth convoy edi move hol
pie support mar
por move spa/sc
rom move tus
rum move ukr
sev support rum move ukr
smy move aeg
spa/sc hold
tys move wes
ukr move war
ven move tyr
vie support boh
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
England: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
apu move ven
bal move den
ber move sil
boh support tyr move mun
bud support gal
bul move rum
bur support gas move mar
eng move bre
gal move war
gas move mar
hol move kie
iri move mid
gol support pie move mar
mos support war
pic support eng move bre
pie move mar
por support iri move mid
ruh support mun
sev move mos
spa/sc support pie move mar
tus move pie
tyr move mun
ukr support sev move mos
vie move tyr
war support mos
wes support spa/sc
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
England: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
mos disband
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
England: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
build Army lon
build Army rom
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
England: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bla convoy con move sev
boh support tyr move mun
bre move mid
bud support gal
bur support pic move par
gal support ukr move war
gas support pic move par
ion move tys
kie move ber
lon move hol
gol support mar
mid move naf
mar hold
mos support ukr move war
mun support sil move boh
nth convoy lon move hol
pic move par
pie support mar
por support bre move mid
rom move ven
ruh support mun
rum move ukr
sil move boh
spa/sc support wes move mid
tyr move mun
ukr move war
ven move tyr
vie support boh
wes move mid
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
England: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
war disband
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
England: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move pru
bla convoy con move sev
boh support war move sil
bre move mid
bud hold
bur move mar
con move sev
den move nth
gal support boh move sil
gas move spa
hol move kie
gol support spa/sc
mar hold
mos move lvn
mun move boh
naf support bre move mid
nth move eng
pie support mar
por support bre move mid
rom move ven
ruh move mun
sil support mun move boh
spa/sc hold
tyr hold
tys move wes
ukr move mos
ven move tri
vie support tyr
war support boh move sil
wes support tys move tun
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
England: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
build Army lon
build Army rom
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
England: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bla convoy con move rum
boh move tyr
bud support vie
bur move mar
con move rum
eng move mid
gal support vie move boh
gas support mid move spa/sc
kie move ber
lon move nwy
lvn move pru
gol support spa/sc
mid move spa/sc
mar move gas
mos support lvn
mun support boh move tyr
naf move wes
nth convoy lon move nwy
pie support mar
por support mid move spa/sc
pru move lvn
rom move tus
sev support mos
sil move boh
spa/sc support mar
tri move vie
tyr support vie move boh
tys support wes move tun
ven support tyr
vie move boh
war move sil
wes move tun
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
England: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber support mun
bla hold
boh hold
bud support gal
bur move mar
eng move mid
gal support war
gas support mid move spa/sc
lvn support mos move stp
gol support spa/sc
mid move spa/sc
mar move gas
mos move stp
mun support sil
nth move eng
nwy move fin
par hold
pie support mar
por support mid move spa/sc
pru move lvn
rum move ukr
sev move mos
sil support mun
spa/sc hold
tun support tys move wes
tyr hold
tys move wes
ven support tyr
vie support boh
war move pru
wes support mid move spa/sc
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: army gal
England: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
England: fleet/dislodged wes
ORDERS
wes move naf
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: army gal
England: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army lon
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: army gal
England: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber support mun
bla hold
bud support gal
bur move mar
eng move mid
fin move stp
gal move sil
gas support mid move spa/sc
lon move bel
lvn support war move pru
gol support spa/sc
mid move spa/sc
mos support lvn
naf move wes
nth convoy lon move bel
por support mid move spa/sc
pru move war
sev support mos
sil support pru move war
stp/nc move nwy
ukr move war
war move pru
wes move naf
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
England: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move ruh
ber move pru
bla hold
bud move ser
bur support gas move mar
gal move sil
gas move mar
lvn support mos move stp
gol move tys
mid support naf move wes
mos move stp
naf move wes
nth move eng
nwy move nth
par move pic
pru move ber
sev move rum
sil support ber move pru
spa/sc support naf move wes
war support gal move sil
wes support gol move tys
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
England: army/dislodged stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
Turkey: fleet/dislodged wes
ORDERS
wes move gol
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
