PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank hold
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move rum
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hel
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun move bur
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move ven
sev hold
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move pie
vie move tri
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hel
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move con
bot convoy stp move swe
bul move gre
bur support pie move mar
con move bul
hel move hol
ion move tun
kie move den
mid move spa/sc
nth convoy yor move bel
nrg move nwy
pic move bur
pie move mar
rum support tri move ser
sev support ukr move rum
spa move mar
stp move swe
tri move ser
ukr move rum
ven move tri
yor move bel
PHASE 1901 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
rum move bud
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
build Army mar
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Fleet rom
build Army smy
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move tri
ank hold
bel move ruh
bot support swe
bud move vie
bul move gre
bur move gas
con move bul
den hold
edi move nrg
hol hold
kie support hol
lon move nth
mid move gas
mar hold
mos move ukr
mun move bur
nap move tys
nth move bel
nwy move ska
pic move par
pie move mar
rom move tus
rum hold
ser support alb move tri
sev support rum
smy move con
spa support mar
swe hold
tri move ven
tun move naf
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank hold
bel support ruh move hol
bot move bal
bul move ser
bur move bel
con move bul
den move kie
gal move bud
gre support bul move ser
hol support bur move bel
kie move hel
mid move por
mar hold
mun move ruh
naf move mid
nth support ruh move hol
nrg move nwy
par move bur
pie move mar
ruh move hol
rum support gal move bud
ser move bud
sev support rum
ska move den
spa move gas
swe support ska move den
tus move gol
tys move wes
ukr move gal
ven hold
vie support ser move bud
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Army con
build Army edi
build Fleet lon
remove ruh
build Fleet smy
remove ven
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank hold
bal convoy swe move pru
bel move hol
bre move mid
bud move tri
bul support ser
bur move gas
con support bul
den support nth move hel
gal move sil
gas move spa
gre move alb
hel move nth
hol move kie
kie support bal move den
lon move nth
gol support pie move mar
mid move por
nth move hel
par move gas
pie move mar
por support bre move mid
rum support ukr move gal
ser support gre move alb
sev support rum
smy move aeg
swe move pru
tri move ven
ukr move gal
vie move boh
wes move mid
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: fleet/dislodged mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
mid move iri
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb support bul move ser
ank hold
bal support pru move ber
bel move hol
boh move mun
bul move ser
bur support kie move mun
con move bul
den move swe
edi move nwy
gal move vie
hel move den
hol move kie
iri move mid
kie move mun
gol support wes move spa/sc
mid move wes
mar support wes move spa/sc
nth convoy edi move nwy
nwy move stp/nc
par hold
por move spa/sc
pru move ber
rum support ser move bud
ser move bud
sev support rum
sil move mun
spa move mar
tri hold
ven support tri
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army/dislodged spa
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bur
build Army con
build Army edi
build Fleet lon
build Army lvp
build Fleet nap
remove ven
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move tri
ank move bla
bal move kie
ber move mun
boh move tyr
bud support bul move rum
bul move rum
con move smy
den move bal
edi move nwy
hol move bel
ion move adr
kie move ber
lon move eng
lvp move wal
gol move wes
mid support spa/sc move por
mar move gas
mun support kie move ber
nap move tys
nth convoy edi move nwy
nwy move stp
par move bre
por hold
rum move gal
ser support alb move tri
sev hold
sil support ber move mun
spa/sc move por
stp/nc move bar
swe support den move bal
tri support boh move tyr
vie move tyr
wes move tys
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun disband
tri move ven
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
bal move kie
bar move nrg
bel move pic
ber support boh move mun
bla support rum
boh move mun
bud support ser move tri
eng move iri
gal support vie move boh
gas support mid move bre
kie support sil move ber
gol move wes
mid move bre
mun support sil move ber
nap move rom
nth move eng
nwy move stp
por hold
rum hold
ser move tri
sev move arm
sil move ber
smy move syr
stp move mos
swe move den
tri move ven
vie move boh
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Austria: army/dislodged boh
France: army/dislodged bre
Italy: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Russia: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Turkey: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ven
Austria: army/dislodged ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
boh move tyr
ven move tus
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
remove arm
build Army con
build Fleet lon
build Fleet nap
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
ank move con
bal support ber
ber hold
bla move sev
boh move mun
bre support por move mid
bud move vie
con move bul
den move kie
eng convoy wal move bre
gal move war
gas move par
iri move mid
kie move hol
lon move nth
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
nrg move nat
pic support wal move bre
por move mid
rom move nap
rum move bud
sil support boh move mun
smy move aeg
stp move lvn
syr move arm
tri move ven
ven move apu
wal move bre
wes move tys
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
England: army bre
Italy: fleet/dislodged bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
England: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
England: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
England: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support aeg move ion
aeg move ion
apu move rom
arm support sev
bal support ber
ber move mun
bre move gas
bud move tri
bul move rum
con move aeg
eng move bel
hol support mun move kie
iri move mid
kie support nth move hol
lvn support ukr move war
mun move kie
nat support iri move mid
nap support rom
nth move hol
pic move bre
por move mid
ruh support mun move kie
sev hold
sil move ber
spa/sc move mar
tys move ion
ukr move war
ven support apu move rom
vie hold
war move mos
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
England: supply ber
England: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
England: fleet/dislodged kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
kie move den
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
build Army con
remove mos
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
adr support aeg move ion
aeg move ion
apu move nap
arm move sev
bal support mun move kie
bel move hol
ber support ruh move mun
bre move pic
con move bul
den move hel
gas support mid move spa/sc
hol move hel
ion move tun
kie support ruh move mun
lvn move mos
mid move spa/sc
mun move kie
nat move mid
nap support rom
nth support bel move hol
par move bur
por support mar move spa/sc
ruh move mun
rum move gal
sev move bla
smy move eas
tri move ven
tys support rom
ven move tus
vie move tyr
war move sil
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
Russia: army/dislodged kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
England: supply war
ORDERS
kie move ruh
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
England: supply war
ORDERS
adr support eas move ion
apu support ion move nap
bal move ber
ber move kie
bla move con
bul move rum
bur move par
den support kie
eas move ion
gal hold
gas support spa/sc move mar
hol support kie
ion move nap
kie support bal move ber
mid move spa/sc
mos support sil move war
mun support ber move kie
nap move ion
nth move bel
pic move eng
rom move nap
ruh move bel
sev hold
sil move war
spa/sc move mar
tun move tys
tus move rom
tyr move boh
tys support nap move ion
ven support tus move rom
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: supply bel
Russia: army/dislodged ber
England: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mar
France: fleet/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
England: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
ber move sil
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army edi
build Army lon
build Fleet lvp
remove por
remove ruh
remove sil
build Army smy
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
adr convoy apu move tri
ank move arm
apu move tri
ber move bal
boh move sil
con move aeg
edi move bel
eng convoy lon move bre
gal support boh move sil
gas support lon move bre
hol move kie
ion support nap move tys
kie move ber
lon move bre
lvp move iri
mar move pie
mos support war move ukr
mun move bur
nap move tys
nth convoy edi move bel
par hold
rom hold
rum move ukr
sev support rum move ukr
smy move con
tun support nap move tys
tys move tun
ven move pie
war move ukr
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: fleet/dislodged tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
