PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move rum
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar hold
mos move sev
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move pic
rom hold
sev move arm
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move adr
ven hold
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr hold
arm move bla
bla move ank
bot move swe
bul move gre
con move bul
den move swe
gal move rum
ion move gre
kie move hol
mid move por
mar move spa
nth support ruh move bel
nrg move nwy
pic move bel
ruh move bel
rum move ser
sev support gal move rum
tri support rum move ser
yor hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Fleet edi
build Fleet kie
build Army mun
build Army par
build Army smy
build Army stp
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move bla
bel move bur
ber move pru
bla support sev move arm
bot move stp/sc
bre move eng
bud move vie
bul move gre
con move bul
den support nwy move swe
edi move nrg
hol move bel
ion move gre
kie move bal
nth convoy yor move nwy
nwy move swe
par move pic
pic move bur
por move mid
rom move apu
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev move arm
smy move arm
spa move gas
stp move lvn
tri move alb
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support vie move tri
alb move gre
ank move bla
apu move tun via convoy
bal move lvn
bel move pic
bla convoy rum move con
bul support rum move con
con move bul
eng convoy pic move wal
gas move bur
hol support bel
ion convoy apu move tun
lvn move war
mid move iri
mun move bur
nth move lon
nrg move bar
nwy move swe
par support gas move bur
pic move wal via convoy
pru move war
rum move con via convoy
sev move arm
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
swe move bot
ven move pie
vie move tri
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army lvp
build Army mos
build Army ven
build Army vie
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr hold
bal move lvn
bar support nwy move stp
bla support con move ank
bud move vie
bul hold
bur move mar
con move ank
den move bal
eng move bre
gre hold
ion move tys
iri support wal move lvp
lon support lvp move wal
lvn move war
lvp move wal
mos support stp/sc
mun move sil
nwy move stp
par hold
pie move ven
pru support bal move lvn
sev move arm
smy support ank
stp/sc hold
swe move fin
tri move tyr
ven move tus
vie move boh
wal move lvp
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
ank move arm
arm move smy
bal move pru
bar support nwy move stp
bla move ank
boh support tyr move mun
bre move eng
bul hold
con support arm move smy
fin support nwy move stp
gre hold
hol move ruh
iri move lvp
lon support lvp move wal
lvp move wal
mar move bur
mos support war
nwy move stp
par move pic
pru move ber
sil move mun
smy move syr
stp/sc move lvn
tun move naf
tus move rom
tyr move mun
tys move wes
vie hold
wal move yor
war support stp/sc move lvn
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: fleet fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
Germany: fleet/dislodged lvn
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
lvn move bot
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: fleet fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
remove arm
remove bot
build Army bud
build Fleet mar
build Army sev
remove syr
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: fleet fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
ank move con
bar move nrg
ber move mun
boh move mun
bud move gal
bur move bel
con move smy
eng move bre
fin support stp
lon support wal
lvn move bot
lvp move wal
mar move spa/sc
mos move lvn
mun move kie
par move pic
pru move lvn
rom move ven
ruh support ber move mun
sev move mos
sil support ber move mun
smy move arm
stp hold
ven move pie
vie move boh
wal support lon
war support mos move lvn
wes move mid
yor move edi
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bel move hol
boh move mun
bot move swe
bre move mid
bul hold
con move bla
edi hold
fin support stp
gal move vie
gre hold
kie support boh move mun
lon move yor
lvn move stp
lvp move wal
mid convoy naf move por
mos support lvn move stp
mun support ruh move kie
naf move por via convoy
nrg move cly
par move pic
pic move bur
pie move mar
pru support sil move ber
ruh move kie
sil move ber
smy move con
spa/sc move mar
stp hold
tri move adr
vie move tyr
wal move lvp
war move lvn
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
England: fleet cly
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
remove bur
remove fin
build Fleet mar
build Fleet nap
remove stp
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
adr hold
ber support ruh move kie
bla convoy con move rum
boh support tyr move mun
bre move mid
bul hold
cly support wal move lvp
con move rum via convoy
edi support lvp move cly
gre hold
hol hold
kie hold
lvn move pru
lvp move cly
mid move spa/sc
mar support spa/sc
mos move stp
mun support ruh move kie
nap move ion
pic move bel
pie move mar
por support mid move spa
pru move bal
ruh move kie
sev move ukr
spa/sc support mar
swe move den
tyr move mun
vie move tyr
wal move lvp
war support lvn move pru
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: fleet cly
England: fleet/dislodged cly
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
France: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
cly move nrg
mun move ruh
spa/sc move wes
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
adr hold
bel support hol
ber support ruh move mun
bla convoy rum move ank
boh move sil
bul move ser
cly move lvp
den move swe
edi support cly move lvp
gre move bul
hol support bel
kie support ruh move mun
lvp support nrg move edi
mid support mar move spa
mar move spa/sc
mun hold
nrg move edi
pie move mar
por support spa/sc
ruh move mun
rum move ank via convoy
spa/sc support por
stp move nwy
tyr support mun
ukr move rum
war support boh move sil
wes support mar move spa
yor support nrg move edi
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Austria: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Italy: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
mun move boh
spa/sc disband
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
remove cly
build Fleet lon
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
build Fleet sev
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
adr hold
ank move smy
bal support ber
bel move bur
ber support mun
bla move con
boh move mun
bul hold
edi move nrg
ion move tun
kie hold
lon move eng
mid move por
mar move gas
mos move stp
nap move tys
nwy move swe
por move spa
pru move lvn
rom move ven
ser support bul
sev move bla
sil support boh move mun
spa/sc support mid move por
swe move den
tyr support boh move mun
ven move pie
wes move gol
yor move nth
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mun move ruh
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr hold
bal support kie move den
ber support kie
bla move con
bul hold
bur support gol move mar
con move aeg
den support swe
eng support nth move bel
gas move bre
hol move bel
kie move den
lvn move stp
lvp move yor
gol move mar
mun hold
nth move bel
nrg move nwy
pie move mar
por support spa/sc
ruh move bel
ser move tri
sil move boh
spa/sc support gol move mar
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tun move wes
tyr support mun
tys move gol
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Russia: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
den move nth
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove bal
build Army vie
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move ion
bel move hol
ber move pru
boh move sil
bre move par
bur move par
con move aeg
eng support nrg move nth
hol move bel
gol move mar
mar move pie
mun move kie
nth convoy nwy move yor
nrg move nth
nwy move yor via convoy
pie support gol move mar
por support spa/sc
ruh move bel
spa/sc support mar
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri support vie move tyr
tyr move mun
vie move tyr
war move lvn
wes move spa/sc
yor move edi
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
nth move lon
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr hold
aeg move ion
bel move hol
bre move par
bul hold
bur move par
con move aeg
den move kie
edi move yor
eng move lon
hol move kie
kie hold
lon move wal
lvn move war
mun support kie
nth support eng move lon
pie support mar
por support spa/sc
pru move war
ruh support den move kie
sil move ber
spa/sc hold
stp move fin
swe move den
tri hold
tyr support mun
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet nap
remove pru
remove ruh
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army vie
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
aeg convoy smy move apu
bel support nth move hol
ber move kie
bre move gas
bud move tri
bul move gre
bur move par
den hold
fin move stp
hol move bel
ion convoy smy move apu
kie move den
lon hold
lvn move war
mar hold
mun move ruh
nth move hol
pie support mar
por support spa/sc
rum move gal
smy move apu via convoy
spa/sc support por
stp/nc move bar
tri move ven
tyr move pie
vie move tyr
wal move iri
wes move tun
yor move lvp
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army apu
Russia: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ven move tus
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army apu
Russia: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven
aeg move ion
apu support ion move nap
bar move nrg
bel support hol
ber support kie
den hold
gal move rum
gas move mar
gre move bul
hol support bel
ion move nap
iri move nat
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp hold
mar move gol
par move bre
pie move tus
por support spa/sc
ruh move hol
spa/sc support por
stp move fin
swe support kie move den
tri support ven
tun move ion
tus move rom
tyr move pie
ven support tyr move pie
vie move tyr
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
France: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Austria: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Russia: fleet nap
Italy: fleet/dislodged nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Russia: fleet nap
Russia: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army edi
build Army par
remove rom
build Fleet stp/nc
remove tus
build Army vie
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Russia: fleet nap
Russia: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
aeg move ion
apu move rom
ber move kie
bre move gas
bud hold
bul hold
den move hol
edi support lvp
lvp support edi
nat move iri
nap support aeg move ion
nth hold
nrg move nat
par move bur
pie move mar
por support spa/sc
ruh support den move hol
spa/sc hold
stp/nc move bar
tri move ven
tyr move mun
ven move pie
vie move tyr
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Russia: fleet nap
Russia: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven
bar move nrg
bel move eng
bud hold
bul hold
bur move mar
den hold
edi support lvp
gas support bur move mar
hol support nth
ion support nap move tys
kie support ruh move hol
lvp support edi
mun hold
nat support bar move nrg
nap move tys
nth support hol
pie hold
por move mid
ruh move hol
spa/sc support bur move mar
tri hold
tyr support mun
ven support pie
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Russia: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army rom
Russia: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army sev
remove tun
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Russia: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army rom
Russia: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr hold
bre move pic
bud hold
bul hold
den move hol
edi support lvp
eng move bel
fin move nwy
gas move spa
hol support eng move bel
ion move tun
kie support den move hol
lvp support edi
gol move wes
mid hold
mar hold
mun move bur
nat support iri
nth support edi
nrg convoy nwy move cly
nwy move cly via convoy
pie hold
ruh move bel
sev support rum
spa/sc move wes
swe support fin move nwy
tri move ven
tyr move mun
tys move wes
ven move tyr
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Russia: army cly
Russia: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Russia: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army rom
Russia: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven
bel support hol
bud hold
bul hold
bur move bel
cly move lvp
edi move cly
gas move par
hol support bel
iri support cly move lvp
kie move hol
lvp support edi move cly
mid move wes
mar move pie
mun hold
nat support cly move lvp
nth support edi
nrg move edi
pic move bre
pie support ven
ruh support bur move bel
sev move arm
spa/sc support mid move wes
tun support tys move wes
tyr support mun
tys move wes
ven hold
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Austria: army bel
England: fleet/dislodged bel
England: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army cly
Russia: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
England: army/dislodged lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Russia: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army rom
Russia: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move eng
lvp move yor
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army cly
Russia: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Russia: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army rom
Russia: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove cly
remove eng
remove gol
build Army mos
build Fleet sev
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army tri
remove yor
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Russia: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army rom
Russia: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
arm move smy
bel support ruh move hol
bre move eng
bud hold
bul hold
den hold
edi support lvp move yor
hol move bel
iri move wal
kie support ruh move hol
lvp move yor
mid support bre move eng
mar move spa
mos move sev
mun move bur
nat move mid
nth support hol move bel
par move pic
pie hold
rom hold
ruh move hol
sev move bla
spa/sc move wes
stp/nc move bar
tri hold
tun support tys move wes
tyr move mun
tys move wes
ven support pie
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Austria: army/dislodged bel
England: fleet bel
Austria: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Russia: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Russia: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army rom
Russia: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
bel move ruh
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
Austria: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Russia: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Russia: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army rom
Russia: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
bar move nrg
bel support nth move hol
bla move con
bud hold
bul hold
bur move bel
den support kie
edi move nth
eng move lon
hol hold
ion hold
kie support hol
mid move iri
mar move spa
mun support ruh
nat move iri
nth move hol
pic move par
pie hold
ruh support bur move bel
sev support rum
smy support bla move con
spa/sc move mid
tri support ven
tun support wes
ven support pie
wal support yor move lon
wes support ion move tys
yor move lon
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army bel
England: fleet/dislodged bel
Austria: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Russia: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Russia: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army rom
Russia: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel disband
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Russia: army lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Russia: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army rom
Russia: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army mos
remove nth
build Army vie
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Russia: army lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Russia: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army rom
Russia: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move pic
bud hold
bul hold
con move aeg
den hold
edi move nth
eng move wal
hol move bel
ion move tys
kie move ruh
mid move naf
mar move spa
mos support war
mun support ruh move bur
nat move iri
nrg move nat
nwy support swe
par move bre
pie hold
ruh move bur
sev support rum
spa/sc move gol
tri hold
tun support wes
ven support pie
vie move tyr
wal support nat move iri
wes hold
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Russia: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Austria: supply hol
Russia: fleet iri
Austria: supply kie
Russia: army lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Russia: fleet nat
Russia: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army rom
Russia: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bel move pic
bre move par
bud hold
bul hold
bur support pic move par
den hold
eng move bre
iri support nat move mid
gol move mar
mun hold
naf move tun
nat move mid
nth support wal move eng
pic move par
pie move mar
ruh move bel
spa support gol move mar
tri hold
tun support wes move naf
tyr support mun
tys move gol
ven move pie
wal move eng
wes move naf
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Russia: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Austria: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
Austria: supply kie
Russia: army lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Russia: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Russia: fleet naf
Russia: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Austria: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army rom
Russia: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army vie
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Russia: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Austria: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
Austria: supply kie
Russia: army lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Russia: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Russia: fleet naf
Russia: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Austria: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army rom
Russia: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move bur
bre move par
bud hold
bul hold
bur move gas
den hold
gol support pie move mar
mid move por
mar move spa/sc
mun hold
naf move wes
par move bre
pic support par move bre
pie move mar
smy move con
spa move por
tri hold
tyr move pie
ven support tyr move pie
vie hold
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Austria: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Austria: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
Austria: supply kie
Russia: army lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Russia: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Russia: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
Austria: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army rom
Russia: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
bud hold
bul hold
bur support gas move mar
den hold
gas move mar
gol support mar move spa
mid move por
mar move spa
mun hold
pic support bre
pie hold
sev support rum
spa move por
tri move tyr
ven hold
vie move boh
PHASE 1913 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Austria: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Austria: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
Austria: supply kie
Russia: army lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Russia: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Russia: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
Austria: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army rom
Russia: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
Austria: army spa
France: army/dislodged spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
spa move gas
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Austria: army bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Austria: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
Austria: supply kie
Russia: army lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Russia: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Russia: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
Austria: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army rom
Russia: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Austria: army bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Austria: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
Austria: supply kie
Russia: army lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Russia: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Russia: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
Austria: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army rom
Russia: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
boh move sil
bre hold
bud move ser
bul hold
bur move par
den hold
gas move par
gol hold
mid move por
mar hold
mun move ruh
pic support bur move par
pie support mar
sev support rum
spa support mid move por
tri support bud move ser
tyr hold
ven hold
vie move gal
PHASE 1914 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Austria: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
Austria: supply kie
Russia: army lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Russia: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Austria: army pic
Austria: army pie
Russia: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army rom
Russia: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
bre move gas
bul hold
con move bul
den hold
eng move bel
gas move bre
ion move gre
iri move mid
gol support mar
mar hold
mos support war
nth support swe move den
nwy move stp
par support bre move gas
pic move bre
pie move tus
por support gas move spa
rom move ven
ruh move bel
rum support con move bul
ser hold
sev support rum
sil move ber
spa hold
swe move den
tri move vie
tun move tys
tyr move mun
ven support pie move tus
wes support tun move tys
PHASE 1914 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Austria: army/dislodged den
Austria: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gas
France: army/dislodged gas
Russia: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Austria: supply hol
Austria: supply kie
Russia: army lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Russia: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Russia: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Russia: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army rom
Russia: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Russia: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
den move kie
gas move bur
PHASE 1914 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gas
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Austria: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Russia: army lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Russia: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Russia: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Russia: fleet por
Russia: supply por
Russia: army rom
Russia: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Russia: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
