PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move mun
bre move pic
bud move rum
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move hol
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move ven
sev move rum
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move pie
vie move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
bot move swe
bud move ser
bul move rum
bur move mar
hol support ruh move bel
ion move tun
lon move yor
mun move bur
nth convoy yor move den
pic move bel
pie hold
ruh move bel
sev move rum
spa move por
stp move nwy
ven hold
vie move gal
war hold
yor move den
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Army con
build Fleet edi
build Fleet kie
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Army stp
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
bel hold
bla hold
bul move rum
bur support pie move mar
con move bul
edi move nrg
gal move ukr
gre hold
hol support bel
kie support hol
mar support par move bur
mos move sev
mun support bur
nap move ion
nth move ska
nwy hold
par move bur
pic move bel
pie move mar
por move spa
ser move bud
sev support gal move ukr
smy move aeg
stp move lvn
swe move bal
tri hold
tun move wes
vie move gal
war move pru
yor move nth
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal move ber
bel support bur move pic
bla hold
bud move ser
bul move rum
bur move pic
den support ska move swe
gal support ukr move war
gre hold
hol hold
ion move eas
kie move ber
lvn move war
mar support par move bur
mos support lvn move war
mun support kie move ber
nth move nwy
nrg support nth move nwy
nwy hold
par move bur
pic move bel
pru support bal move ber
rum move sev
sev move mos
ska move swe
spa support mar
tri support bud move ser
ukr move war
wes move mid
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army/dislodged nwy
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: fleet/dislodged pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nwy move stp
pic move bre
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
build Army lvp
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Army vie
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bel move ruh
bla hold
bre move mid
bul move rum
bur move par
edi move nth
gal move war
gre move ion
hol move nth
ion move nap
kie move hel
lvp move yor
mid move spa/nc
mar move pie
mun support kie
nrg move bar
nwy hold
par move bre
pic move bel
pie move mar
rum move ukr
ser hold
sev support rum move ukr
smy hold
swe hold
tri move ven
ven hold
vie move tyr
war move lvn
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bar move stp/nc
bel move ruh
bla hold
bre move mid
bur move par
den move kie
edi move nth
hel support hol move nth
hol move nth
ion move tun
lvn hold
mid move por
mar move pie
mun support ruh move kie
nap move rom
nwy support bar move stp
par move bre
ruh move kie
rum hold
ser hold
sev move mos
smy move eas
spa move por
swe move den
tri move ven
tyr support tri move ven
ukr support sev move mos
war support lvn
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army/dislodged stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ven move tus
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
build Fleet con
build Fleet lon
remove mid
remove pie
build Army tri
remove tus
build Army vie
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move con
bla hold
bre move mid
con move aeg
den hold
eas move aeg
edi move nth
hel support nth move den
kie support nth move den
lon move eng
lvn move pru
mar move pie
mos hold
mun hold
nth move den
nwy support edi move nth
par move bre
rom move nap
ruh move bel
rum hold
ser hold
smy support con move aeg
stp/nc hold
swe move bal
tri move ven
tun move tys
tyr move mun
ukr hold
ven move pie
vie move boh
war move sil
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army/dislodged den
Germany: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
den move swe
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal move den
bel move hol
bla hold
boh move mun
bur move bel
con move aeg
den hold
eas move ion
eng support bur move bel
hel support den
kie support den
mid move wes
mar move bur
mos move lvn
mun hold
nap support aeg move ion
nth move hol
nwy move nth
pru move ber
rum hold
ser hold
sil support pru move ber
smy support con move aeg
spa move gas
stp/nc hold
swe support bal move den
tri move ven
tyr support boh move mun
tys move wes
ukr move mos
ven move pie
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
Germany: army/dislodged bel
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
mun move ruh
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet con
remove eas
build Fleet mar
remove ruh
build Army tri
build Army vie
remove yor
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal move lvn
bel move hol
ber support mun move kie
bre move pic
bur support gas move mar
con move aeg
den support kie
eng move bel
gas move mar
hel support kie
ion move tun
kie hold
mid move wes
mar move gol
mun move kie
nap move tys
nth support swe move den
nwy move ska
pie move mar
sil support tyr move mun
smy move eas
swe move kie
tri move tyr
tyr move mun
tys move rom
ven move pie
vie move boh
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move lvn
bel move hol
ber support mun move kie
boh move mun
bur support pic move bel
den support kie
eas move ion
hel move hol
hol support pic move bel
ion move tys
kie support hel move hol
lvn move stp
gol support wes
mar hold
mos support lvn move stp
mun move kie
nth support bel move hol
pic move bel
pie hold
rom support ion move tys
rum move ukr
ser hold
sil move pru
ska move den
stp/nc hold
swe support ska move den
tri move ven
tun support tys move wes
tyr support pie
tys move wes
ven move tus
wes support gol
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army/dislodged hol
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Germany: army/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet/dislodged stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
den disband
hol move ruh
kie disband
stp/nc move nwy
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet con
remove hel
build Army lon
build Army vie
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel support ruh
ber move kie
bur move mun
den hold
hol support lon move bel
ion support tys
kie move den
lon move bel via convoy
lvn move bal
gol move tys
mos move lvn
mun support ber move kie
nth convoy lon move bel
nwy move ska
pie support rom move tus
pru support mos move lvn
rom move tus
ruh support bur move mun
ser move tri
stp move fin
swe support den
tun move wes
tus move ven
tyr support pie
tys convoy tus move rom
ukr move war
ven move rom
vie move boh
wes support gol move tys
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
France: army/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
Austria: army/dislodged mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move bur
mun move sil
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move kie
bel support hol
ber support kie
boh support sil move mun
bur move bel
den support bal move kie
eas move ion
fin move swe
hol support bel
ion move tys
kie support sil move mun
lvn move stp
gol move pie
mar support gol move pie
mun move kie
nth support bel
pie hold
pru hold
rom move nap
ruh support mun move kie
sil move mun
ska move den
swe move nwy
tun support tys move wes
tus move gol
tyr support sil move mun
tys move wes
ven support pie
war move lvn
wes move tun
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
France: fleet/dislodged wes
ORDERS
wes move mid
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army vie
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bel support hol
ber support kie
boh move sil
bur move par
con move aeg
hol support bel
ion move tun
kie support mun
lvn hold
gol move spa/sc
mid move iri
mun support kie
nap move rom
nth move eng
pie hold
pru hold
ruh move bur
stp support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tri move vie
tun move naf
tus move gol
tyr support mun
tys support tus move gol
ven support pie
vie move boh
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
Turkey: army nwy
England: army/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
nwy move fin
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
Turkey: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal move swe
bel support hol
ber support boh move mun
boh move mun
bur move pic
den support bal move swe
eng move bre
fin support ska move nwy
hol support bel
ion move tys
iri move lvp
kie support mun move ruh
gol support pie move mar
mar move spa
mun move ruh
naf support wes move mid
par move bre
pie move mar
pru hold
rom move nap
sil support boh move mun
ska move nwy
stp support nwy
tun support tys move wes
tys move wes
vie move tri
wes move mid
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
remove fin
build Army vie
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel support hol
ber move kie
bla hold
bre move eng
den move kie
eng move bre
ion hold
kie move hol
lvn hold
lvp move cly
gol support wes move spa
mid move por
mar support mun move bur
mun move bur
naf move mid
nap hold
nwy hold
par move bre
pic move bel
ruh support kie move hol
sil move ber
ska move nwy
spa move por
stp support nwy
swe support ska move nwy
tri move tyr
tun move wes
tyr move mun
tys hold
ven move pie
vie move boh
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
England: fleet/dislodged hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army/dislodged spa
France: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
hol move hel
spa move gas
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Austria: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel hold
ber move kie
bre move eng
bur support ruh move bel
cly move edi
den support hel move kie
eng support bel
gas move bur
hel move kie
hol support ruh move bel
ion move gre
mid move por
mar move gas
mun support ber move kie
naf support wes move mid
nwy hold
par support gas move bur
pic support gas move bur
pie move mar
pru support sil move ber
ruh move bel
sil move ber
ska move nwy
spa/sc support wes move mid
stp support nwy
swe support ska move nwy
tys move wes
wes move mid
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
France: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Austria: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Turkey: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bur move ruh
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
remove bur
build Fleet con
remove ska
build Fleet smy
remove swe
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move con
bel support mar move bur
ber move kie
bla hold
boh move vie
con move aeg
den move nth
edi move yor
eng move lon
gas support mar move bur
gre move ion
hol support ber move kie
lvn hold
gol move mar
mid move nat
mar move bur
mun support ber move kie
naf move mid
nap hold
nwy move swe
par support bre
pic move bel
por support naf move mid
pru hold
ruh support ber move kie
sil move ber
smy move eas
spa/sc support naf move mid
stp move fin
tri move adr
tyr move pie
wes support naf move mid
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
Austria: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: fleet mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nat
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Turkey: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
adr move apu
aeg support eas move ion
bel move pic
ber move kie
bur support bel move pic
con move bul/sc
eas move ion
fin move nwy
gas move bre
hel move den
hol hold
ion move tun
kie move den
lvn move mos
mid move nat
mar move gol
mun support ber move kie
nat move lvp
nap move rom
nth move edi
par support bre
pic support bre
pie move mar
por support wes move mid
pru move ber
ruh support hol
spa/sc support wes move mid
swe support kie move den
vie hold
wes move mid
yor move edi
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Austria: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: fleet lvp
Turkey: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pic
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Fleet con
remove hel
remove nth
build Fleet smy
build Army tri
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Austria: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Austria: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: fleet lvp
Turkey: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pic
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
apu move nap
ber move sil
bla hold
bre support par move gas
bul/sc move gre
bur move par
con move aeg
gas support bur move par
hol support ruh move bel
ion move tun
lon hold
lvp move cly
gol support mar
mid move eng
mar support gas
mos hold
mun move ruh
nat move nrg
nwy hold
par move gas
pic support bur move par
por support spa/sc move mid
rom support apu move nap
ruh move bel
smy move eas
spa/sc move mid
swe hold
tun move naf
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Austria: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Turkey: fleet nrg
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Austria: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pic
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
cly move edi
eng move lon
gas support pic move bre
ion move tun
lon hold
gol hold
mid move eng
naf move mid
nrg support cly move edi
nwy hold
par support pic move bre
pic move bre
sil move war
tun move naf
yor support eng move lon
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Turkey: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Austria: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Turkey: fleet lon
England: fleet/dislodged lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Turkey: fleet nrg
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Austria: army par
France: supply par
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
lon disband
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Turkey: fleet edi
Turkey: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Austria: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Turkey: fleet lon
Turkey: supply lon
Turkey: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Turkey: fleet nrg
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet con
build Fleet smy
remove yor
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Turkey: fleet edi
Turkey: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Austria: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Turkey: fleet lon
Turkey: supply lon
Turkey: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Turkey: fleet nrg
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
