PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move hol
lon move eng
lvp move wal
mar move spa
mos move ukr
nap move ion
par move bre
rom move ven
sev move bla
smy hold
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move tri
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
bla support ukr move rum
bot move swe
bul move gre
con move aeg
eng convoy wal move bel
gal support ukr move rum
hol support wal move bel
ion move tun
kie move den
mid move por
mun move bur
nth move nwy
rom move ven
ser support alb move gre
smy move con
ukr move rum
ven move tyr
vie move tri
wal move bel via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army kie
build Army lon
build Fleet lvp
build Army mar
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Army par
build Army rom
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul move gre
bel move bel
bla convoy rum move ank
bre support par move pic
bud support tri
bul move gre
bur support bel move pic
con move bul
den move kie
eng move mid
gal move rum
gre support rum move bul
hol move hel
kie move ruh
lon move lon
lvp move iri
mar move bur
mos move stp
mun support bur
nwy move nth
par move pic
por move mid
rom move tus
rum move ank
ser support gre
smy move eas
spa move gas
stp/nc move bar
tri support vie move tyr
tun move ion
tyr move tri
ven support tyr move tri
vie move tyr
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army/dislodged tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
tyr move boh
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul move gre
ank move con
bar move nwy
bla support ser move bul
boh support ven move tyr
bre support pic
bud move vie
bul move gre
bur move par
eas move smy
eng support iri move mid
gas move bur
gre support ser move bul
ion support bul move gre
iri move mid
kie move ruh
lon move nwy via convoy
mar support gas move bur
mun support ruh move bur
nth convoy lon move nwy
por move mid
ruh move bur
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
stp move fin
swe support bar move nwy
tri support tyr move ven
tus move ven
tyr move ven
ven move tyr
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Austria: fleet/dislodged gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gre move alb
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove aeg
build Army ber
remove lon
build Army mos
remove pic
build Fleet stp/nc
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank support bla move con
bel support ruh move bur
ber move kie
bla move con
boh move gal
bre move par
bul support alb move gre
con move bul
eng support mid move bre
fin move stp
gas support bre move par
gre support con move bul
hel move den
ion support gre
kie move ruh
mid move bre
mar move bur
mun support ruh move bur
nth hold
par support ruh move bur
por move mid
ruh move bur
rum support bul
smy move con
stp/nc move bar
tri support tyr move ven
tus support ven
tyr move ven
vie move boh
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
Germany: army/dislodged par
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
par move pic
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move smy
bar move nrg
bel support bur
boh move vie
bre hold
bul move ser
bur move par
con support ank move smy
eng support bre
gal move bud
gas support mid move bre
gre move ser
ion support gre
kie move ruh
mid move bre
mar move bur
mos move war
mun support ruh move bur
nth support eng
nwy support bar move nrg
pic support bur move par
ruh move bur
rum move bud
smy move aeg
stp move lvn
tri move bud
tus support ven
tyr move tri
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove aeg
build Fleet edi
build Fleet sev
build Fleet stp/nc
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
bre support bur move gas
bul support alb move gre
bur move gas
con move smy
edi move cly
eng move mid
gal move vie
gas move bre
gre move ser
ion support gre
lvn move mos
mid move iri
mar move bur
nth support bel
nrg move nat
nwy move nrg
par support bur move gas
pic support bre
ruh move bur
rum move bud
sev move bla
smy move ank
stp/nc move nwy
swe support stp/nc move nwy
tri move ven
tus support ven
tyr support tri move ven
ven support mun move tyr
vie move bud
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Germany: army gas
France: army/dislodged gas
Austria: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gas move spa
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
bel move bel
bla move con
bre move eng
bul move ser
cly move lvp
gal support rum move bud
gas move mar
gre hold
ion move gre
iri move lvp
mid move iri
mar support spa move gas
mos move ukr
mun support pic move bur
nat support iri move lvp
nth move edi
nrg support nwy move nth
nwy move nth
par support gas
pic move bur
ser move tri
smy move aeg
spa move gas
tri support bul move ser
tus support ven
tyr move vie
ven support ser move tri
vie move bud
war support mos move ukr
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
England: fleet cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
France: army gas
Germany: army/dislodged gas
Austria: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gas disband
tri move tyr
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
England: fleet cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bel
build Fleet kie
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
England: fleet cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
arm move sev
bud support ser move tri
cly support edi
con move aeg
den move swe
edi support cly
eng support iri
gal move bud
gas move bre
gre support aeg move ion
iri move lvp
kie move bal
lvp move wal
mun move kie
nat move cly
nth move lon
nrg support nat move cly
par move bre
ruh move hol
ser move tri
tri support gal move bud
tus support ven
tyr support ser move tri
ukr move gal
ven support tri
vie support ser move tri
war support ukr move gal
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
England: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: army/dislodged gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Turkey: army/dislodged tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gal move sil
ion move tys
tri move vie
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
England: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal support den move swe
bud move ser
bur move par
cly support lvp
den move swe
edi support cly
eng move bre
gal move sil
gas move bre
gre hold
hol move bel
ion move tun
kie move den
lvp support cly
nat move nrg
nrg move nth
par move bre
rum move gal
sev move rum
sil move ber
tri support bud move ser
tus support ven
tyr move mun
tys move nap
vie support tri
wal move eng
war move pru
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
England: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
England: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
swe move nwy
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
England: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove cly
build Fleet stp/sc
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bal move bot
bel move hol
ber move mun
bud move tri
bur move ruh
den move kie
gal support rum
gas move bre
gre move ion
ion move adr
lon support wal move eng
mun support pru move ber
nap move ion
nth move edi
nrg support nth move edi
nwy move swe
pru move ber
rum support gal
ser support bud move tri
sil support pru move ber
stp/sc move bot
tri move tyr
tun move tys
tus move rom
vie support tri move tyr
wal move lvp
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Italy: supply ber
France: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
England: fleet/dislodged edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Italy: supply ber
France: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move apu
bal move bot
ber support mun
gal support rum
gre move ion
hol move bel
kie support ruh move mun
lon move eng
mar move gas
mun support ber
nap move tys
nrg move nth
nwy move swe
par move gas
rom move nap
ruh move mun
rum support gal
ser move bud
sil support ber
stp/sc move fin
swe support bal move bot
tri move ven
tyr support tri move ven
tys move rom
ven move tri
vie move bud
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
France: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ven move tus
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: fleet rom
Russia: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove lvp
build Army mos
remove nap
build Fleet stp/sc
build Army tri
remove tus
build Army war
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: fleet rom
Russia: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu move ion
bel move ruh
ber support sil
bre move par
bud move vie
edi move nth
fin move swe
gal support rum
ion move nap
kie support ruh move mun
lon support edi move nth
mar move bur
mos move lvn
mun support ber
nth move hel
nwy support fin move swe
par move gas
rom support ion move nap
ruh move mun
rum support gal
ser hold
sil support mun
stp/sc move bot
tri move ven
tyr support ven move pie
tys move wes
ven move pie
vie move boh
wal move lvp
war support gal
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: fleet rom
Russia: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Germany: fleet/dislodged swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
swe move den
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: fleet rom
Russia: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel support ruh move hol
ber move kie
boh support mun
bot move swe
den support bot move swe
gal support rum
gas move spa
hel move den
ion move tun
kie hold
lon move eng
lvn move stp
mun support ber move kie
nth support hel move den
nwy support swe
par support bur
pie move mar
rom move tys
ruh move hol
rum support gal
ser hold
sil move ber
stp/sc move bot
swe support stp/sc move bot
tyr move pie
ven move rom
vie move tyr
war move pru
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: fleet/dislodged bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Germany: army/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Russia: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
kie move ruh
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bre
build Army bud
remove eng
remove gas
remove ruh
build Fleet sev
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
build Army war
remove wes
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move ruh
boh support tyr move mun
bot move swe
bre move pic
bud move tri
den move hel
gal support rum
kie support mun move ruh
lon support nth move eng
lvp move wal
mar move spa
mun move ruh
nap move tys
nth move eng
nwy move nth
par support bur
pie move mar
pru move sil
rom hold
rum support gal
ser move bud
sev move bla
stp move nwy
swe move den
tri move adr
tun move wes
tyr move mun
tys move gol
vie move bud
war support gal
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Russia: fleet gol
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Austria: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
ber support kie
bla move con
boh support mun
bur hold
den support kie
eng move bre
gal support rum
hel support nwy move hol
kie support nwy move hol
gol move spa/sc
mar hold
mun hold
nth convoy nwy move hol
nwy move hol
par support bur
pic support bur
rom move tus
ruh move hol
rum support gal
ser move bul
sil support war
spa move por
swe move ska
tri move bud
vie support tri move bud
wal move iri
war support sil
wes move tun
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bre
Russia: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army por
Austria: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
Russia: supply spa
Russia: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
