PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move kie
bre move pic
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move sev
mun move ruh
nap move tys
par move bur
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
vie move tri
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move arm
bla support sev move arm
bot move swe
bul move rum
bur support pic move bel
con move ank
hol support ruh move bel
kie move den
nth support ruh move bel
nrg move nwy
pic move bel
ruh move bel
ser support ukr move rum
sev move arm
tri hold
tys convoy rom move tun
ukr move rum
ven move rom via convoy
yor move wal
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army bud
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Army sev
build Army smy
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
arm move syr
bel support mun move bur
ber move mun
bla support sev move arm
bul hold
bur support pic
con support bul
den hold
gre move aeg
hol support bel
kie move ruh
lon support nth move eng
mar move gol
mos move sev
mun move bur
nth move eng
nwy move nth
pic hold
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev move arm
smy support ank move arm
spa move por
tys move tun
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bur move par
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support ser move bul
ank hold
bel move pic
bla support sev move arm
bud support vie move tri
bul move gre
bur move mar
con move bul
den hold
eng move mid
hol move bel
lon move eng
gol move mar
mos move sev
mun hold
nth support lon move eng
par hold
pic move bre
por hold
ruh move bur
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev move arm
smy hold
syr support sev move arm
tri move alb
tun hold
vie move tri
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet mar
build Fleet nap
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support alb move gre
alb move gre
arm move smy
bel move pic
bla move con
bre support par move pic
bud move vie
bul move con
bur support pic move par
den hold
eng move bre
gol move spa/sc
mid support eng move bre
mar hold
mun hold
nap move tys
nth move eng
pic move par
por hold
ruh hold
rum support bul
sev support rum
syr support arm move smy
tun move naf
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
France: fleet/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Turkey: army/dislodged gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: army/dislodged par
France: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bre disband
gre move ser
par move gas
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bla move con
ank move bla
bla move con
bre support eng move mid
bul support tri move ser
bur move gas
con move smy
den hold
eng move mid
gas hold
gre support tri move ser
mid move wes
mar support spa/sc
mun hold
par support bur move gas
pic hold
por hold
ruh move bur
rum support bul
ser move bud
sev move arm
smy support bla move con
spa/sc support por
syr support smy
tri move ser
tys move wes
vie move bud
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army/dislodged con
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Austria: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
con move ank
ser move alb
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove alb
build Army ber
remove bla
build Fleet lvp
build Army mos
build Fleet sev
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank hold
arm move sev
ber move mun
bre move mid
bul hold
bur move mar
con support smy move ank
den move kie
eng move bre
gas support pic move bre
gre hold
lvp move iri
mid move spa/sc
mar hold
mos move stp
mun move boh
par support pic move bre
pic move bre
por support spa/sc
ser move tri
sev move bla
smy move ank
spa/sc support mar
syr move arm
tri move adr
tys move wes
vie move tyr
wal hold
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tyr move ven
arm move sev
bla move con
boh move vie
bre hold
bul move ser
bur move mar
con move aeg
eng move nth
gas support bur move mar
gre move alb
ion move nap
iri move eng
kie move hol
mid support iri move eng
mar support spa/sc
mun move tyr
naf support wes move mid
par support bre
por support spa/sc
rum move gal
sev move ukr
spa/sc support mar
stp move fin
swe move nwy
tri move vie
tyr move ven
wal move lon
wes move mid
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
England: fleet/dislodged mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mid move iri
ven move tus
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove iri
build Fleet kie
remove rom
build Fleet stp/nc
remove tus
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move eas
alb move tri
ank move arm
boh support tyr move vie
bre move mid
bud move gal
bur support gas move mar
con move aeg
eng move bel
fin support stp/nc move nwy
gal move sil
gas move mar
hol hold
kie move hel
lon move yor
mid move iri
mar support spa/sc
naf move mid
nap move tys
nth move nwy
nwy move nrg
par move bre
por support spa/sc
ser support alb move tri
sev move ukr
spa/sc support mar
stp/nc move nwy
tri move tyr
tyr move vie
ukr move war
ven support tri move tyr
vie support tri move tyr
war move pru
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
vie move bud
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move gre
arm move sev
boh move tyr
bre move eng
bud move vie
bur move mun
eas move ion
fin move swe
gal support bud move vie
gas move bur
hel move den
hol hold
ion move tun
mar support spa/sc
nth move edi
nrg move edi
nwy support fin move swe
par move pic
por support spa/sc
pru move ber
sil support tyr move mun
spa/sc support mar
tri support bud move vie
tyr move mun
tys support ion move tun
ukr move war
ven move rom
vie support boh move tyr
war move pru
yor move lvp
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Russia: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Germany: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
vie move boh
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove boh
build Army bud
build Fleet edi
remove eng
remove iri
remove naf
build Fleet stp/nc
remove tyr
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel support nth
ber support mun move kie
bud move vie
bur move ruh
den support hol move kie
edi move nrg
gal move boh
gas move bur
gre move ion
hol move kie
ion move tys
lvp move cly
mar support spa/sc
mun move kie
nth support edi move nrg
nrg move nwy
nwy move ska
pic hold
por support spa/sc
pru move sil
rom move tus
ser move tri
sev move mos
sil move mun
spa/sc support mar
stp/nc move bar
swe move den
tri move ven
tun move wes
tys move gol
vie move tyr
war support pru move sil
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
England: army cly
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
bar support nwy
bel move eng
ber support kie
boh support mun
bur move mun
den support hol move kie
hol move kie
ion move tys
kie support ska move den
mar support spa/sc
mos move lvn
mun support kie
nth support den
nrg move nwy
nwy support swe
pic hold
por support spa/sc
ruh support bur move mun
sil support mun
ska move den
spa/sc support mar
swe support ska move den
tri move ven
tus support ven move pie
tyr support mun
tys move wes
ven move pie
war move pru
wes move mid
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
England: army cly
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove pic
build Fleet stp/sc
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
England: army cly
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
bar support nwy move nrg
ber move kie
boh support sil move mun
bur hold
den hold
eng move mid
hol hold
kie move den
lvn move stp
gol move mar
mid support wes move spa
mar support spa/sc
mun move bur
nth support nrg
nrg support nth
nwy move nrg
pie support gol move mar
por support spa/sc
pru move ber
ruh hold
sil move mun
ska move nth
spa/sc support mar
stp/sc move bot
swe support kie move den
tri move adr
tyr support sil move mun
tys move tun
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
England: army cly
Russia: supply con
Austria: army den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
England: fleet/dislodged nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
den disband
nrg move edi
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
England: army cly
Russia: supply con
Austria: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
bar move nwy
ber support kie
boh move mun
bot move swe
bur move par
cly support edi
den support kie
edi support nth move nrg
eng move nth
hol move bel
kie support mun move ruh
mid move por
mar support wes move spa
mun move ruh
nth move nrg
nrg move nat
pie support mar
por support spa/sc
ruh support hol move bel
sil support boh move mun
ska support bar move nwy
spa/sc support por
stp move mos
swe move fin
tun move naf
tyr support boh move mun
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army cly
Russia: supply con
Austria: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet naf
Russia: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Germany: army/dislodged ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: fleet spa/sc
France: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ruh move hol
spa/sc move gol
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army cly
Russia: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: fleet mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Russia: fleet naf
Russia: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
Russia: supply spa
Russia: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove cly
remove gol
build Fleet sev
build Fleet stp/nc
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: fleet mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Russia: fleet naf
Russia: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
Russia: supply spa
Russia: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move pic
ber support kie
bud move tri
edi support nth
fin move swe
hol move bel
ion move tun
kie support ruh move hol
mid move eng
mar move gol
mos move war
mun move bur
naf move mid
nat move lvp
nth move ska
nrg move nat
nwy move nth
par move bre
pie move mar
por hold
ruh move hol
sev move bla
sil support tyr move mun
ska support nwy move nth
spa/sc support naf move mid
stp/nc support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tri move adr
tus move pie
tyr move mun
ven move tyr
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Russia: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet eng
Russia: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Russia: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
Russia: supply spa
Russia: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nth move lon
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Russia: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet eng
Russia: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Russia: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
Russia: supply spa
Russia: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
bel hold
ber move mun
bla move bul/ec
bre support pic move par
bur move par
edi support lon move nth
eng move lon
hol support nth move bel
kie support ber move mun
lon move nth
lvp hold
mid move por
mar move gas
mun move ruh
nat move mid
nth move bel
nwy move nth
pic move par
pie move mar
por hold
sil support ber move mun
ska support swe move den
spa/sc support mid move por
stp/nc move bar
swe move den
tri move ven
tun move wes
tyr move mun
vie move tyr
war move gal
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: army/dislodged bel
Russia: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Austria: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Austria: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gas
Russia: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Austria: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Russia: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
Russia: supply spa
Russia: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel disband
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Russia: fleet bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Austria: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gas
Russia: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Austria: fleet lon
Austria: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Russia: fleet por
Russia: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
Russia: supply spa
Russia: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
