PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move sil
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi hold
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar move pie
mun move ruh
nap move apu
par move gas
rom move tus
sev move rum
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
tri hold
ven move tri
vie move tyr
war hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu move ion
arm move sev
bot move swe
bul hold
con support bul
gas move spa
hol move bel
lvp move yor
mid move por
mos move ukr
nth move eng
pie hold
ruh move bur
rum hold
sil move mun
tri support tyr move ven
tus support ven
tyr move ven
ven hold
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
build Fleet ber
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Army kie
build Army par
build Army smy
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move bla
bel move eng
ber hold
bre move eng
bud move rum
bul move rum
bur move par
con support bul
eng move nth
gal move boh
ion move tun
mun move ruh
par move bur
pie move mar
por move mid
rum hold
ser move gre
sev move rum
smy move arm
spa move gas
tri move adr
tus move rom
tyr move vie
ukr move war
ven hold
war move gal
yor move edi
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move tri
arm move sev
bel move eng
ber move kie
bla support sev move rum
boh move vie
bre move eng
bud move gal
bul move gre
bur hold
con move aeg
edi hold
gal support boh move vie
gas move bur
mid move iri
mar support gas move bur
nth move ska
par support gas move bur
rom move apu
ruh move hol
rum hold
sev move rum
swe move nwy
tun hold
ven move tyr
vie support bud move gal
war move mos
yor move edi
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Germany: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Germany: army hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bur move mun
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army smy
build Army ven
build Army war
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg hold
apu move ven
bel move pic
ber move mun
bla move rum
boh move vie
bre move eng
bud move vie
bul support smy move gre
bur support par move pic
gal move vie
gre move ser
hol move ruh
iri move lvp
kie move den
mar move pie
mos hold
mun move tyr
nwy move swe
par move pic
rum move ser
sev hold
smy move gre via convoy
tri hold
tun move ion
tyr hold
ven support tyr move pie
vie move tyr
war move ukr
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support smy move gre
apu hold
bel hold
ber support mun
bla support sev
boh move sil
bud move ser
bul move ser
bur support pic move bel
den hold
eng move lon
gal hold
gre hold
ion hold
lvp hold
mos move sev
mun hold
pic move bel
pie hold
ruh support bel
rum support bul move ser
sev hold
smy move gre via convoy
swe move nwy
tri hold
tyr hold
ukr support mos move sev
ven support tyr move tus
vie hold
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army con
build Fleet kie
build Army par
remove ska
remove yor
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support smy move gre
apu hold
bel move hol
ber move sil
bla support sev
bre move eng
bud move ser
bur support pic move bel
con move bul
den move swe
gal support ukr move rum
gre support bud move ser
ion support aeg move gre
kie move bal
lon move yor
lvp move cly
mos move sev
mun move tyr
nwy hold
par move pic
pic move bel
pie hold
ruh move mun
rum move bud
ser support rum move bud
sev hold
sil move boh
smy move gre via convoy
tri hold
tyr move tri
ukr move rum
ven support tyr move tri
vie move bud
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: army/dislodged ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: fleet/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
ser move alb
tri move adr
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
alb support smy move gre
apu hold
bal support swe
bel hold
bla support sev
boh move gal
bul support smy move gre
bur support bel
cly move edi
eng move nth
gal move ukr
gre move bul
hol move nth
ion hold
mos move lvn
mun move boh
nwy move ska
pic support bel
pie hold
rum hold
ser support gre move bul
sev hold
sil move war
smy move gre via convoy
swe hold
tri hold
tyr support pie move ven
ven support tri
vie support adr move tri
yor support cly move edi
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
England: fleet/dislodged edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
bul move con
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
remove aeg
remove alb
build Army ber
build Army bud
build Fleet kie
build Army mar
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army par
remove ska
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
adr support bud move tri
apu hold
bal move lvn
bel move ruh
ber move mun via convoy
bla support sev move rum
boh move gal
bud move tri
bul hold
bur move mun
con hold
edi support yor move nth
eng support pic move bel
gal move war
hol move nth
ion move gre
lvn support gal move war
mar move bur
nap move ion
par move pic
pic move bel
pie hold
rum support ukr move sev
ser support bud move tri
sev move rum
smy support con
swe move nwy
tri hold
tyr support pie move ven
ukr move sev
ven support tri
vie support bud move tri
war move mos
yor move nth
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
rum move ukr
tri move alb
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri move alb
alb support ven move tri
apu support ven
bal move lvn
bel move hol
ber move kie
bla support rum
bul support ser move gre
bur move pic
con hold
edi support eng move nth
eng move nth
gal move war
gre hold
hol hold
ion support gre
lvn support war
mar move bur
mos hold
nth move den
nwy move stp/nc
pic move bel
pie move tyr
ruh support bel move hol
rum hold
ser move gre
sev move mos
smy support con
tri move alb
tyr support tri move ven
ukr support sev move mos
ven move tri
vie move tri
war hold
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: fleet/dislodged hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
hol move hel
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove alb
build Army ank
build Fleet bre
remove kie
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army rom
remove ukr
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
ank move sev via convoy
apu move alb via convoy
bal move swe
bel move hol
bla support ank move sev
bre move eng
bul support ser move rum
bur move mun
con move bul
den support hol move kie
edi move nrg
gal move war
gre hold
hel move kie
hol move kie
ion move apu
lvn move stp
mos support lvn move stp
nap move apu
nth support bel move hol
par move bur
pic move bel
pie move tyr
rom move ven
ruh support hol move kie
rum support con move bul
ser move rum
smy move con
stp/nc move nwy
tyr support vie move tri
ven move tri
vie move bud
war move ukr
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
ank move sev via convoy
apu move alb via convoy
bel support hol
bla support ank move sev
bud support ser move rum
bul support ser move rum
bur move mun
con move bul
den support nth move ska
eng move nth
gre hold
hel move hol
hol support kie
ion convoy apu move nap
kie support den
mos support ukr move war
mun move ber
nap move apu
nth move ska
nrg support eng move nth
nwy hold
pie move tyr
rom move ven
ruh support bur move mun
rum support con move bul
ser move rum
smy move con
stp hold
swe support nwy
tyr support adr move ven
ukr move war
ven move tri
war hold
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Turkey: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Germany: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
rum move sev
war move lvn
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove ank
build Fleet bre
remove hel
remove lvn
build Army mar
build Army par
remove tyr
build Army vie
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support vie move tri
apu support rom move ven
bel move ruh
ber move pru
bla support sev move rum
bre move eng
bud support vie move tri
bul hold
con hold
den support ska move swe
gre hold
hol move kie
ion move adr
kie move ber
mar move pie
mos support war move ukr
mun move boh
nap move apu
nth move nwy
nrg support nth move nwy
nwy move stp/nc
par move pic
pie move tyr
rom move ven
ruh move mun
rum hold
sev move rum
ska move swe
smy support con
stp move mos via convoy
swe move den
tri hold
vie move tri
war move ukr
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
Germany: fleet/dislodged nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
France: fleet swe
Germany: fleet/dislodged swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nwy move ska
rum move ser
swe move fin
tri move alb
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: fleet fin
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
France: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
alb move tri
apu hold
ber move sil
bla move sev
boh move gal
bud move rum
bul support bud move rum
con move bul
den move ska
eng move nth
fin support ska move swe
gre hold
ion move adr
kie move ber
mos move sev
mun move boh
nap hold
nrg support eng move nth
nwy support swe
pic move bel
pie hold
pru move war
ruh move mun
rum support con move bul
ser support bud move rum
ska move swe
smy move con
stp support swe move fin
swe support nwy
tri hold
tyr move vie
ukr support mos move sev
ven support alb move tri
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Germany: fleet fin
France: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
France: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
tri move bud
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Germany: fleet fin
France: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
ORDERS
