PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank hold
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move wal
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move ven
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move tyr
vie move bud
war hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move tri
ank move con
bot move swe
bud move vie
bul move gre
bur move mun
con move smy
den move swe
eng convoy wal move bre
ion move tun
kie move hol
mid move por
nth move bel
ruh move mun
rum hold
ser support alb move tri
spa hold
tyr move vie
ukr support rum
ven move tri
wal move bre via convoy
war move lvn
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet ber
build Fleet edi
build Army lon
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank support smy move con
bel hold
ber move bal
bot convoy lvn move swe
bre move par
bud move gal
bur move par
con move aeg
den move swe
edi move nth
eng convoy lon move pic
gre hold
hol move kie
lon move pic via convoy
lvn move swe via convoy
mun support ruh move bur
nap move apu
par move pic
por move mid
ruh move bur
ser support rum move bul
smy move con
spa move gas
tun move ion
tyr support ven move tri
ukr support rum
ven move tri
vie support tri
war hold
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Germany: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bur move mar
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre
ank move con
apu move adr
bal convoy kie move swe
bel support lon move pic
bot move bal
bre move par
bur move gas
con move bul
den support kie move swe
eng convoy lon move pic
gal move bud
gas move bre
gre support con move bul
ion move gre
kie move swe via convoy
lon move pic via convoy
lvn move pru
mid support gas move bre
mar move bur
mun move bur
nth move nwy
par move pic
ser support tri
tyr support ven move tri
ukr move gal
ven move tri
vie move tyr
war support ukr move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army lon
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
aeg move ion
bal support den move swe
bel move pic
ber move sil
bot move bal
bre move pic
bud support tri
bul move ser
con move bul
den move swe
eng support pic move bre
gal move bud
gas move par
gre support bul move ser
lon move wal
mid move iri
mar move bur
mun move bur
nwy move nrg
par support bre
pic move bre
pru move ber
rum hold
ser support tri
smy move eas
swe move fin
tyr support ven move tri
ven move tri
vie support tri
war move mos
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
England: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: fleet/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ser move alb
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
England: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move ion
alb move tri
bal support sil move ber
ber move kie
bot move bal
bre move par
bud support vie move gal
bul support ser
eas support aeg move ion
eng move mid
fin move stp
gal move war
gas support bre move par
gre support ser
ion hold
iri move eng
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun move kie
nrg move nat
par move bre
pic move bre
rum hold
ser support gal move bud
sil move ber
swe move bot
tri move alb
tyr move ven
vie move gal
wal move lvp
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: army par
France: army/dislodged par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ion move nap
par move pic
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove alb
build Army con
build Army edi
remove gas
build Fleet lon
build Army rom
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
bal move ber
ber move sil
bot move bal
bre move eng
bud hold
bul support rum
con support bul
eas support ion
edi move lvp
eng move nth
fin move stp
gal move war
gre move alb
ion move tun
lon move nth
lvp move wal
mid support bre move eng
mos move stp
mun move kie
nat move iri
nap move tys
par move pic
pic move bel
rom move tus
rum hold
ser support gre move alb
sil support bal move ber
spa move por
swe move bot
tri move vie
ven move pie
war move sil
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb support ser
bal move ber
bel hold
ber move sil
bot move swe
bud support gal move vie
bul move rum
con move ank
eas move ion
eng support pic move bel
fin move stp
gal move vie
iri move mid
kie support bal move ber
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mid move spa/sc
mos move stp
pic move bel
pie move mar
por hold
ser support bul move rum
sil move mun
swe move bot
tun move naf
tus move pie
tys move gol
vie support ser move bud
war move sil
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
France: army/dislodged bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army/dislodged ber
Germany: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: fleet/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Italy: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bel move hol
ber move pru
rum move sev
vie move tyr
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet con
build Army lon
remove pru
build Army ven
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move tri
ank move arm
bel support yor move hol
ber move bal
bot move swe
bud support alb move tri
con move bla
eng convoy wal move gas
fin move stp
ion move nap
kie move hol
mid convoy wal move gas
mar move gas
mos move stp
mun move ruh
naf move tun
nth convoy yor move hol
pie move mar
rum support ser
ser support alb move tri
spa/sc move wes
swe support ber move bal
tyr move boh
ven move tyr
vie move tyr
wal move gas via convoy
war hold
yor move hol
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: fleet/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
tri move adr
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
arm move sev
bal move den
bel support hol
bla support arm move sev
boh move mun
bot move stp/sc
eng convoy wal move bre
fin move swe
hol hold
kie move hol
lon move wal
gol move tys
mid move spa/sc
mar move bur
mos move sev
nap move rom
nth move nrg
pie move ven
por move spa
ruh support kie move hol
rum support arm move sev
ser support tri
sev move arm
swe move nwy
tri hold
tun hold
ven move rom
wal move bre via convoy
war hold
wes support mid move spa
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet con
remove pie
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move bul via convoy
bel move ruh
bla convoy ank move bul
bre move par
con move aeg
den move nth
eng move nth
hol move kie
ion move tun
kie support ruh move mun
mos hold
mun move bur
nap move tys
nrg support eng move nth
nwy support den move nth
por hold
ruh move mun
rum support tri move bud
ser support tri move bud
sev hold
smy move eas
stp/sc hold
swe hold
tri move bud
tun support nap move tys
tys move rom
wal move yor
war move ukr
wes move mid
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
bla support sev
bud support ser move tri
bul move ser
bur move mar
den move nth
eas move ion
eng move nth
hol support ruh move kie
ion move nap
kie move ruh
mid support spa/sc move por
mun support kie move ruh
nrg support eng move nth
nwy support den move nth
par move gas
por move spa
rom support ion move nap
ruh move kie
rum move ukr
ser move tri
sev support rum move ukr
spa/sc move por
swe hold
tun hold
tys move nap
ukr move war
ven move tri
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
build Army con
build Fleet edi
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ber move kie
bla convoy con move rum
bud move vie
con move rum via convoy
den move hel
edi support eng move nth
eng move nth
gas move bur
hol move kie
ion move apu
kie move den
mid move eng
mar move bur
mun support ber move kie
nap support rom
nrg support eng move nth
nwy move nrg
por move mid
rom support nap
ruh support hol move kie
ser support tri
sev support ukr move mos
swe hold
tri support bud move vie
tun support aeg move ion
tys support aeg move ion
ukr move mos
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
mos move lvn
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
apu support ion move nap
ber move bal
bla hold
den move kie
edi move nrg
eng move mid
gas move mar
hel move hol
hol move kie
ion move nap
lvn move mos
mid move wes
mun move ruh
nap support rom
nth move den
nrg move bar
nwy move nrg
rom support nap
ruh move mun
rum move gal
ser move bud
sev support mos
swe move nwy
tri move ven
tun hold
tys move rom
ven support rom
vie support rum move gal
war support lvn move mos
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army con
remove lvn
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move rum via convoy
apu move ion
bal move den
bar move nwy
bla convoy ank move rum
bud move vie
con move bul
den move kie
edi move nrg
gal move war
gas move bur
hel move nth
hol support ruh move kie
mid move spa/sc
mos support gal move war
mun support den move kie
nap support apu move ion
nth support bar move nwy
nwy move nrg
ruh move kie
sev move ukr
smy move aeg
swe move nwy
tri support vie move tyr
tun support tys move wes
tys move wes
vie move tyr
wes hold
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
England: fleet/dislodged wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
war disband
wes move gol
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal move kie
bar support yor move nwy
bla hold
bul move ser
bur move mun
den support bal move kie
edi move nrg
hel move nth
hol move kie
ion move tys
gol move wes
mos support war move lvn
mun hold
nap move rom
nth convoy yor move nwy
nwy hold
ruh support bur move mun
rum move gal
spa/sc support gol move wes
swe support nwy
tri support tyr move ven
tun support ion move tys
tyr move ven
ukr move war
vie move tyr
war move lvn
wes hold
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
Turkey: fleet/dislodged wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
mun move ber
ven disband
wes move mid
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army con
build Fleet lon
build Fleet smy
remove swe
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
bar support yor move nwy
ber support den move kie
bla convoy con move rum
con move rum via convoy
den move kie
gal move boh
hel support kie move hol
hol move kie
ion move tun
kie move hol
lon move eng
lvn move stp
mid move bre
mos support lvn move stp
mun support hol move kie
nap move rom
nth convoy yor move nwy
nrg support yor move nwy
nwy move nth
rom move tus
ruh support hol move kie
ser move bud
smy move aeg
spa/sc move por
stp/sc move lvn
tri move ven
tun move naf
tyr support gal move boh
tys support ion move tun
ven move apu
war move sil
wes move spa/sc
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
Turkey: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: army kie
Germany: fleet/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
Germany: fleet/dislodged nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet/dislodged stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
kie move bal
nwy move swe
stp/sc disband
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
Turkey: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
apu move rom
bal move kie
bar support nrg move nwy
ber support bal move kie
bla move con
boh move mun
bre hold
bud move tri
den support bal move kie
eng move bre
hel move hol
kie move ber
mos move lvn
mun support kie move ber
naf support tun move wes
nth move hol
nrg move nwy
nwy move swe
por move mid
rom move tus
ruh move kie
rum move gal
sil support boh move mun
spa/sc move wes
stp hold
swe move nwy
tun move wes
tus move gol
tyr support boh move mun
tys support rom move tus
ven support rom move tus
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
England: army/dislodged mun
England: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bre
Turkey: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
