PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move nap
sev move rum
smy move ank
stp/sc hold
ven move apu
vie move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move con
bud move vie
bul move gre
bur move bel
con move bul/sc
gal move vie
ion convoy nap move gre
kie move hol
mid move por
nap move gre via convoy
nth convoy yor move nwy
nrg support nth
ruh move bel
rum hold
ser move bul
spa hold
stp/sc hold
tri move alb
ukr support rum
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet edi
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb support nap move gre
ank move con
ber move mun
bud support ser
bul support ukr move rum
bur hold
con move aeg
den move nth
edi move nth
gal move bud
hol move bel
ion convoy nap move gre
mar move gol
mos hold
mun move tyr
nap move gre via convoy
nth move hel
nrg support edi move nth
nwy move swe
par move pic
por move mid
ruh support hol move bel
rum move sev
ser hold
smy move eas
spa move gas
stp/sc hold
ukr move rum
vie support bud
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: army gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: army swe
Austria: supply tri
Germany: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg convoy con move gre
alb move tri
apu move ven
bel support ruh
bud move ser
bul support con move gre
bur move bel
con move gre via convoy
den move ska
eas move ion
gal move vie
gas move bur
gre support ser move bul
hel move den
ion move tun
gol move mar
mid hold
mos move ukr
mun move bur
nth support pic move bel
nrg support nth
pic support bur move bel
ruh support mun move bur
rum move bud
ser move bul
sev support rum
stp/sc hold
swe support hel move den
tyr support gal move vie
vie support bud
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
Germany: army/dislodged bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Italy: army gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: army swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move hol
vie move boh
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Army lon
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet rom
remove ser
remove tyr
build Army war
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg convoy con move gre
bel move ruh
boh move vie
bud support boh move vie
bul support con move gre
bur move bel
con move gre via convoy
den move kie
edi move nwy via convoy
gas move bur
hol support bur move bel
ion move alb
lon move den via convoy
nap move ion
nth convoy lon move den
nrg convoy edi move nwy
par support gas move bur
pic support bel
rom move tys
ruh support bur move bel
rum support vie move bud
sev support rum
ska move nth
stp/sc hold
swe support lon move den
tri hold
tun support nap move ion
ukr move gal
ven move tri
vie move bud
war move sil
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Italy: army/dislodged gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bud move ser
gre move ser
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb support aeg move ion
bud support gal move vie
bul move ser
bur move mun
den support kie
gal move vie
gre support bul move ser
hol support bel
ion move eas
kie support nth move hol
mid hold
mar move gol
nth move hol
nrg move nth
nwy support swe
par move bur
pic move bel
ruh support bel
rum move gal
sev move rum
sil move ber
ska move den
stp/sc move lvn
swe support den
tri move adr
tun support tys move ion
tys move ion
ven move tri
vie move bud
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
vie move boh
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove adr
remove bel
remove boh
build Army con
build Fleet edi
build Army lon
build Army par
remove ruh
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/sc
build Army ven
build Army war
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support smy move eas
alb move adr
ber support war move sil
bud move tri
bur move mun
con move bul
den support swe
eas move syr
edi move nrg
gal move boh
gre move alb
hol move kie
kie move bal
lon move hol via convoy
lvn move bot
gol hold
mid hold
mun move tyr
nth convoy lon move hol
nwy support swe
par move bur
pic move bel
ser support bud move tri
smy move eas
swe support nwy
tun support tys move ion
tys move ion
ven support tri
vie support bud move tri
war move sil
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet syr
Russia: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr convoy alb move ven
aeg move ion
alb move ven via convoy
bal convoy den move lvn
bel hold
ber move mun
boh move tyr
bot move bal
bul move gre
bur support mun
den move lvn via convoy
eas move smy
hol move kie
ion move eas
kie move ber
gol move tys
mid move spa/sc
mun support kie move ber
nth move den
nrg move bar
nwy support swe move fin
rum move bul/ec
ser support tri
sil move boh
stp/sc move lvn
swe move fin
syr support ion move eas
tri support boh move tyr
tun move ion
tyr support ven move tri
ven move tri
vie move bud
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army/dislodged ber
England: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet syr
Russia: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move pru
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet syr
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove adr
build Army edi
build Army par
build Army sev
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet syr
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support smy
alb support ser
bal convoy den move pru
bar support fin move stp
bel move ruh
ber support den move pru
boh move vie
bot move swe
bud support sev move rum
bul/ec move bla
bur support mun
den move pru via convoy
eas support syr move smy
edi move den via convoy
fin move stp
gre move bul
kie support ber
mun support tyr move boh
nth convoy edi move den
nwy support fin move stp
par move gas
pru move war
ser support ven move tri
sev move rum
sil move mun
smy hold
spa/sc move gol
stp/sc hold
syr move smy
tri move tyr
tun move ion
tyr move boh
tys support tun move ion
ven move tri
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet/dislodged stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet syr
Italy: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
stp/sc move bot
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet syr
Italy: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support smy
alb move gre
bal support nwy move swe
bar move stp/nc
ber support bal
bla move ank
boh support mun move tyr
bot support swe
bud move ser
bul support ser move rum
bur move mun
den support nwy move swe
eas support syr move smy
gas move mar
ion move aeg
kie support ber
gol hold
mun move tyr
nth move nwy
nwy move swe
pru move lvn
ruh support bur move mun
rum move bul
ser move rum
sil move war
smy hold
stp move mos
swe hold
syr move smy
tri move ven
tyr move tri
tys hold
vie support tyr move tri
war move mos
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: fleet/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
rum move bud
smy move con
swe disband
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove aeg
build Army edi
build Army nap
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
bal convoy kie move lvn
bar support stp
ber support bal
boh move vie
bot move bal
bud move gal
bul move rum
con move ank
den move swe
eas hold
edi hold
gre move ser
ion convoy nap move alb
kie move lvn via convoy
lvn move mos
mar move pie
mun move boh
nap move alb via convoy
nwy move nth
ruh move mun
rum move sev
ser support tri
sil move war
stp support lvn move mos
swe move fin
tri support vie
tyr support boh move vie
vie support tri
war move ukr
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb support ven move tri
ank move con
bal move bot
bar support stp
ber support bal
bla move con
boh move sil
eas move ion
edi move den via convoy
fin support stp
gal move boh
gre move alb
ion move tun
lvn support mos
gol convoy pie move gre
mos hold
mun move boh
nth convoy edi move den
pie move gre via convoy
ruh move mun
rum move bud
ser support gre
smy move aeg
stp support mos
swe support fin
tri support vie
tyr support ven move tri
tys convoy pie move gre
ukr support war
ven move tri
vie support tri
war hold
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bla
remove bot
build Army con
build Army edi
remove ser
remove tri
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support pie move gre
alb move tri
ank move con
bal convoy den move pru
bar move nrg
ber move kie
bud support gre move ser
con move bul
den move pru via convoy
edi move den via convoy
fin move nwy
gal support war
gre move ser
ion convoy pie move gre
lvn move war
gol convoy pie move gre
mos support lvn move war
mun move boh
nth convoy edi move den
pie move gre via convoy
ruh move mun
sev move mos
sil support mun move boh
stp support mos
swe support fin move nwy
tyr move vie
tys convoy pie move gre
ukr support war
ven support alb move tri
vie move tyr
war hold
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
bal convoy swe move pru
boh move vie
bud move tri
bul support ser
con move smy
den move kie
gal support war
gre support tri move ser
ion support gre
kie move hel
lvn support pru move war
mos support pru move war
mun move boh
nth support kie move hel
nrg move bar
nwy move swe
pru move war
ser support bul
sil support pru move war
stp support mos
swe move pru via convoy
tri move ser
tyr support boh move vie
ukr support war
ven move tri
vie support bud move tri
war hold
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gre
France: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army edi
remove gal
build Army mar
build Army nap
build Army par
remove ukr
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: army gre
France: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
ank move smy
bal convoy swe move pru
bar support stp
boh support sil move gal
bud support ser
bul support ser
con support ank move smy
edi move kie via convoy
gre support nap move alb
hel convoy edi move kie
ion convoy nap move alb
kie move ber
lvn support pru move war
mos support war move ukr
nap move alb via convoy
nth convoy edi move kie
pru move war
ser support bud
sil move gal
stp support mos
swe move pru via convoy
tri support vie move bud
tyr move vie
vie move bud
war move ukr
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gal
France: army gre
France: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
aeg convoy mar move bul
alb support tri move ser
bal support ber move pru
bar support stp
ber move pru
boh move gal
bud support sev move rum
bul support ser
con support bul
gal move bud
gre support mar move bul
hel support nth
ion convoy mar move bul
kie move ber
lvn support pru move war
gol convoy mar move bul
mar move bul via convoy
mos support ukr move sev
nth support hel
pru move war
ser support bud
sev move rum
stp support mos
tri move ser
tys convoy mar move bul
ukr move sev
ven move tri
vie support gal move bud
war move ukr
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gal
France: army gre
France: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet bre
build Army edi
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: army gal
France: army gre
France: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
aeg convoy mar move bul
alb support ser
ank move arm
bal support ber move pru
bar support stp
ber move pru
bre move mid
bud move rum
bul support rum
con support bul
edi move kie via convoy
gal support bud move rum
gre move bul
hel convoy edi move kie
ion convoy mar move bul
lvn support pru move war
mos support ukr move sev
nth convoy edi move kie
par move bur
pru move war
rum hold
ser support mar move bul
sev move arm
smy support con
stp support mos
tri support ser
tyr move vie
ukr move sev
vie move bud
war move ukr
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gal
France: army gre
France: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
aeg convoy mar move bul
alb support ser
ank move arm
bal support ber move pru
bar support stp
ber move pru
bud support rum
bul hold
bur move mar
con support bul
gal support rum
gre support mar move bul
hel support nth
ion convoy mar move bul
kie move ber
lvn support pru move war
gol convoy mar move bul
mar move bul via convoy
mos support ukr move sev
nth support hel
pru move war
rum support mar move bul
ser support mar move bul
sev move arm
smy support con
stp support mos
tri support ser
tys convoy mar move bul
ukr move sev
war move ukr
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
France: army bul
France: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gal
France: army gre
France: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army rum
France: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army par
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
France: army bul
France: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gal
France: army gre
France: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army rum
France: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
aeg convoy alb move con
alb move con via convoy
ank move arm
bal support ber move pru
bar support stp
ber move pru
bud support rum
bul support alb move con
con hold
gal support bud
gre support bul
hel support nth
ion convoy alb move con
kie move ber
lvn support pru move war
mos support ukr move sev
nth support hel
par move bur
pru move war
rum support bud
sev move arm
smy support ank move arm
stp support mos
ukr move sev
vie support bud
war move ukr
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
France: army bul
France: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Turkey: fleet/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gal
France: army gre
France: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army rum
France: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
con move bla
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
France: army bul
France: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gal
France: army gre
France: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army rum
France: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
aeg convoy gre move smy
arm move ank
bal support pru
bar support stp
ber support pru
bla move con
con support gre move smy
hel support kie
ion move eas
kie support ber
lvn support mos
mos support sev
nth support hel
pru support lvn
sev hold
smy support bla move con
stp support mos
tun move ion
ukr support sev
war support mos
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
France: army bul
France: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: army gal
France: army gre
France: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army rum
France: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
build Army nap
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
France: army bul
France: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: army gal
France: army gre
France: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army rum
France: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
aeg convoy gre move smy
ank support con
bud support rum
bul move con
bur support mar
con hold
eas support gre move smy
gal support rum
gre move smy via convoy
mar support bur
mos move sev
rum support bud
sev move arm
smy move syr
stp move mos
vie support bud
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
France: army bul
France: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: army gal
France: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army rum
France: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
France: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
aeg convoy nap move con
ank hold
arm move ank
bud support rum
bul support nap move con
con move bla
eas support smy
gal support rum
ion convoy nap move con
mos move sev
nap move con via convoy
rum support bud
sev move arm
smy support arm move ank
syr hold
vie support bud
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
England: army ank
England: supply ank
England: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
France: army bul
France: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: army gal
France: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army rum
France: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
France: army smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
remove bla
build Army edi
build Army nap
build Army par
remove syr
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
England: army ank
England: supply ank
England: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
France: army bul
France: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: army gal
France: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army rum
France: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
France: army smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
