PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move rum
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move hol
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar move bur
mos hold
mun move ruh
nap move tys
par move pic
rom move ven
sev move bla
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
ven move pie
vie move tri
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move con
arm move ank
bot move swe
bul hold
bur move mar
eng move bel
hol support eng move bel
kie move den
mid move spa/sc
mos move ukr
nth support yor move nwy
pic move bre
pie move mar
ruh move bur
rum move ser
sev support ukr move rum
tri move adr
tys move tun
ukr move rum
ven move tri
vie move tri
yor move nwy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Army stp
build Army tri
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move tri
ank move con
bel support lon move eng
bre move pic
bud move ser
bul move gre
bur support spa/sc move mar
con move bul/sc
lon move eng
mos move ukr
mun move bur
nap move ion
nth convoy yor move nwy
par support bur
pie move mar
ruh support mun move bur
rum support ukr move gal
ser move bul
sev support rum
smy move aeg
spa/sc move mar
stp support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tun move wes
ukr move gal
ven move tri
vie move tri
yor move nwy
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support gre
ank move con
bel hold
bud move vie
bur move mar
con move bul/sc
den move swe
eng support bel
gal move bud
gre support con move bul/sc
hol support bel
ion move gre
kie move ruh
mun support ruh move bur
nth move ska
nwy move swe
par move pic
pic move bre
pie move mar
ruh move bur
rum support gal move bud
ser move bul
sev support rum
spa/sc move mar
stp move nwy
ukr move gal
ven move tri
vie move tri
wes move spa/sc
yor move lon
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bur move gas
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army mos
build Army smy
build Army war
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move apu
aeg support con move bul/sc
bel support lon move pic
bre support pic move par
bud support rum move ser
bur move mar
con move bul/sc
eng move nth
gal move boh
gas move mar
gre move alb
hol move bel
ion move gre
lon move yor
mos move stp
mun support ruh move bur
nwy move nrg
pic move par
pie support bur move mar
ruh move bur
rum move ser
ser move gre
sev support rum
ska move swe
smy move con
spa/sc move mar
stp move fin
ven move tri
vie move tri
war move gal
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb move tri
ank move con
apu move nap
bel move nth
boh support gal move vie
bre move gas
bul/sc move aeg
bud support gal move vie
bur support mar move gas
con move bul
fin support nrg move nwy
gal move vie
gas move mar
hol hold
ion move nap
mar move gas
mun hold
nth move nwy
nrg move nwy
par move bur
pie move mar
ser support bud
spa/sc support gas move mar
stp hold
swe support nth move nwy
ven move tri
vie move tyr
wes move spa/sc
yor move edi
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bre
build Fleet lon
remove tyr
build Army war
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support gre move ion
alb support bul move gre
apu move nap
bel support lon move eng
boh move sil
bud move vie
bul move gre
bur support mar move gas
con move bul
edi move nwy
fin support stp move nwy
gas move mar
gre move ion
ion move nap
lon move eng
mar move gas
nth convoy edi move nwy
nrg support stp move nwy
par move bur
pie support gas move mar
ser hold
sev hold
spa/sc support gas move mar
stp move nwy
swe support nth move nwy
ven move tri
vie move boh
war move pru
wes move tys
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ion move tun
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move tri
apu move nap
bel move pic
boh support sil move mun
bul hold
bur move ruh
eng move bre
fin support nwy move swe
gre move alb
ion move tys
mar hold
mun move ber
nth move ska
nrg move nwy
nwy move swe
par move bre
pie move ven
pru move ber
ser hold
sev hold
sil move mun
spa/sc move por
swe support nth move bot
tri move ven
tun move ion
tys move nap
vie hold
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
England: fleet/dislodged swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mun move kie
swe move bot
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
remove edi
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army ven
build Army war
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
alb support gre move ser
boh move mun
bot move swe
bre support por move mid
bul move rum
den move swe
eng move bre
fin support swe
gre move ser
hol move hel
ion move gre
kie move ber
mar move bur
mun move ber
nwy move nrg
par support bre
pic support eng move bre
pie move tyr
por move mid
pru support mun move ber
ruh move mun
ser hold
sev hold
ska support bot move swe
stp/nc move nwy
swe support stp/nc move nwy
tri move bud
tun hold
tys move nap
ven support pie move tyr
vie move tyr
war move sil
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Russia: army/dislodged ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ser move bul
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ber support boh move mun
boh move mun
bot move swe
bre support mid move eng
bul move rum
bur support par move pic
con support gre move bul/sc
eng support pic move bre
fin move stp
gre move bul/sc
hel move kie
kie move mun
mid move eng
nrg move edi
nwy support swe
par move pic
pic move bre
pru move war
ruh support kie move mun
rum move ukr
ser move rum
sev support bul move rum
sil support boh move mun
ska support bot move swe
swe support nwy
vie move gal
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: fleet/dislodged pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
pic move bel
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove bot
remove hel
build Army par
build Army rom
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
bel support ska move nth
ber move kie
bre move eng
bul/sc move gre
bud support tyr move vie
bur support pic move bel
con move bla
den move kie
edi move nth
eng support bel
gal move rum
gre move bul
kie move mun
mid support bre move eng
mun support ber move kie
nap hold
nwy support edi move nth
par move pic
pic move bel
rom move ven
ruh support kie
rum move sev
ser support ukr move rum
sev move bla
sil support mun
ska move nth
stp move mos
swe move den
tun hold
tyr move vie
ukr move rum
ven move tri
war support stp move mos
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
England: fleet/dislodged bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: fleet/dislodged eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Germany: army/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move hol
eng move lon
kie move hol
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bel move hol
bul/sc hold
bud support vie
bur hold
con move bla
eng move lon
gal move rum
gre support ser
kie support nth move den
lon support ska move nth
mid move iri
mos support sev
mun support kie
nap hold
nth move den
nwy support swe
pic move bel
rum support arm move sev
ser support gre
sev support gal move rum
sil support mun
ska move nth
swe support nth move den
tri support ven move tyr
tun hold
ven move tyr
vie support bud
war move ukr
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army con
build Fleet mar
remove ruh
build Army ven
build Army war
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bel move wal
bla support arm move sev
bre support eng
bul/sc move con
bud move gal
bur move bel
con move bul
den move nth
eng convoy bel move wal
gal move rum
gre support ser
hol move bel
iri move lvp
kie support mun
mar move gol
mos support sev
mun support kie
nap hold
nwy move nrg
rum support vie move gal
ser support gre
sev support gal move rum
sil support mun
swe move nwy
tri move bud
tun hold
tyr move boh
ukr support sev
ven move tri
vie support bud move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
boh move sil
bre move eng
bul/sc move con
bur move bel
con move rum
den move nth
eng move lon
gal support rum move ukr
gre support ser
hol move bel
kie support mun
lvp hold
gol hold
mos support sev
mun support sil
nap hold
nrg move edi
nwy hold
rum move ukr
ser hold
sev hold
sil support war
tri support vie move tyr
tun hold
ukr support sev
vie move tyr
wal support eng move lon
war support ukr
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: fleet/dislodged lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army par
build Fleet stp/nc
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm support con move sev
bla convoy con move sev
bre move mid
bul/sc move con
bur move ruh
den move nth
edi support den move nth
eng move nth
gre support ser
hol support bur move ruh
kie support mun
lon support eng move nth
lvp move nat
gol hold
mos support sev
mun support sil move boh
nwy move swe
par move bur
rum support con move sev
ser support gre
sev hold
sil support mun
stp/nc move nwy
ukr support war move gal
wal move lvp
war move gal
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: army/dislodged gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm hold
bla hold
boh move mun
bul/sc move aeg
bud move vie
bur move mun
con move bul
den support kie
edi support nwy move nrg
eng move nth
gal move rum
gre move alb
hol support ruh move kie
kie support mun
lon move yor
lvp support lon move yor
gol hold
mid move nat
mos support sev
mun support kie
nat move nrg
nap hold
nwy move nrg
ruh move kie
rum move bud
ser support rum move bud
sev support gal move rum
sil support mun
swe move nwy
tri move vie
tun hold
tyr support boh move mun
ukr support gal move rum
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Italy: army/dislodged bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
bud move gal
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Fleet stp/nc
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb support ser move tri
arm move ank
boh move vie
bud move vie
bul move ser
bur move mun
den support edi move nth
edi move nth
gal support boh move vie
hol support ruh move kie
kie support mun
lvp support yor move edi
gol hold
mos support sev
mun support kie
nat move nrg
nap move ion
nth move den
nrg support edi move nth
nwy move swe
ruh move kie
rum support sev
ser move tri
sev support rum
sil support mun
stp/nc move nwy
tri support boh move vie
tun move tys
tyr support bur move mun
ukr move war
yor move edi
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
Russia: army/dislodged kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
France: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
kie move ber
nth move lon
tri move ven
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb support tri
ank move con
ber move kie
bud support tri
bur move bel
den support ber move kie
edi support nat move nrg
gal move bud
hol move bel
kie hold
lon support mid move eng
lvp support edi
gol hold
mid move eng
mos move war
mun move bur
nat move nrg
nap support tys move ion
nth move hol
nrg support nwy move nth
nwy move nth
rum support war move gal
ser support bud
sev support rum
sil move mun
swe move nwy
tri hold
tyr support ven move tri
tys move ion
ven move tri
vie support ven move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: army/dislodged gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
France: army/dislodged kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet/dislodged nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gal move boh
kie move ruh
nrg move cly
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Fleet smy
remove swe
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb move tri
bla hold
boh move sil
bre move eng
bud support alb move tri
bur move mun
cly move nat
con move bul
den move nth
edi support nrg move nth
eng move bel
gal move vie
hol support ruh move kie
ion move eas
kie support nth move hol
lon support bre move eng
lvp support edi
gol move spa/sc
mun move ruh
nap move ion
nth move hol
nrg move nth
nwy support den move nth
ruh move kie
rum support sev
ser support alb move tri
sev support rum
sil move mun
smy move aeg
tri move bud
tyr support tri
vie support tri move bud
war move mos
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
tri move ven
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
bel move nth
bla hold
boh support vie
bud support tri
bul move gre
bur move mun
den support kie
eas support ion move aeg
edi support bel move nth
eng support bel move nth
gal move vie
gre move alb
hol support ruh move kie
ion move aeg
kie support nth move hol
lon support bel move nth
lvp support edi
mos move stp
mun support kie
nat move mid
nth move hol
nrg move nwy
nwy move nth
ruh move kie
rum support sev
ser support tri
sev support rum
sil support mun
spa/sc move mid
tri support bud
tyr support ven move tri
ven move tri
vie support ven move tri
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet/dislodged nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nth move ska
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove boh
build Fleet con
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move smy
alb move ion
bla hold
bud support tri
bur move mun
con support smy
den support kie
eas move smy
edi support nth
eng move iri
gal move boh
gre hold
hol support ruh move kie
kie support mun
lon support nth
mun support kie
nat move mid
nth support hol
nrg support nth
nwy support ska move nth
ruh move kie
rum move gal
ser support tri
sev hold
sil support mun
ska move nth
smy hold
spa/sc move mid
stp support nwy
tri hold
tyr support vie move tri
ven support vie move tri
vie move tri
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
boh support mun
bud support tri
bur move mun
con move aeg
den support kie
eas support aeg move smy
edi move nth
gal move war
gre hold
hol support ruh move kie
ion move nap
iri move mid
kie support mun
lon support edi move nth
lvp support edi
mun support kie
nth move hel
nrg support edi move nth
nwy support ska move nth
ruh move kie
ser support tri
sev hold
sil move ber
ska move nth
smy hold
spa/sc move wes
stp support nwy
tri support bud
tyr support ven move tri
ven move tri
vie support ven move tri
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: fleet/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
smy move con
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ber support kie
bla move con
boh support mun
bud move vie
bur move mun
con move aeg
den support kie
eas support smy
hel support ruh move kie
hol support ruh move kie
kie support mun
lon move nth
lvp hold
mid move nat
mun support kie
nat move cly
nap move rom
nth move den
nrg support mid move nat
nwy support ska
ruh move kie
ser move tri
sev hold
ska support den
smy move con
stp support nwy
tri move ven
tyr move tri
ven move rom
vie support tyr move tri
war hold
wes move tys
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
ber move kie
bla move con
boh move mun
bud move vie
bur move mun
cly move nrg
den support ber move kie
eas move aeg
gre hold
hel support nth
hol support kie
ion move tun
kie support bur move mun
lon support nth
lvp move cly
mun move ruh
nat support lvp move cly
nap move rom
nth support hel
nrg move edi
nwy support cly move nrg
ser support tri
ska move nth
smy support eas move aeg
stp support nwy
tri support bud move vie
tyr move tri
tys move tun
ven support tyr move tri
vie move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet/dislodged aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: army cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: army cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet mar
remove tyr
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: army cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support smy move con
ank move smy
ber move kie
boh move mun
bud support tri
bur move bel
con support ank move smy
den support ber move kie
edi support nat move nrg
gal hold
gre move tun
hel support kie move den
hol move bel
ion convoy gre move tun
kie move den
lon support nth
mar move gol
nat move nrg
nth support nat move nrg
nrg move nth
nwy support nrg move nth
ruh support bur move bel
ser move gre
sev hold
ska support den
smy move con
stp support nwy
tri support bud
tys move tun
ven support vie move tri
vie move tri
PHASE 1913 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army cly
Italy: fleet con
Turkey: fleet/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet/dislodged nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
con move bla
nrg move bar
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army cly
Italy: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
bar move nrg
bel move bur
bla move ank
bud move vie
cly move bel
con move bul/ec
den support kie
edi support nrg
gal move sil
gre hold
hel support nth
hol support hel move kie
ion move tun
kie support ruh move hol
lon support nth
gol move tys
mun move bur
nth convoy cly move bel
nrg convoy cly move bel
nwy support bar move nrg
ruh move hol
ser move bul
sev hold
ska support den
smy hold
stp support nwy
tri support bud move vie
tys move nap
ven support vie move tri
vie move tri
PHASE 1913 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army cly
Italy: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Turkey: army/dislodged tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army cly
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army mos
build Army par
remove tri
build Army war
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army cly
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul/sc
ank move con
bar move nrg
bel support par move bur
cly move lvp
con move bul/sc
den support ska move nth
edi support nrg
gre hold
hel support nth
hol support mun move ruh
kie support hol
lon move eng
mos move sev
mun move ruh
nap support tys move rom
nth support nrg
nrg support nth
nwy support ska move nth
par move bur
rom move tys
ser move tri
sev move rum
sil move mun
ska move nth
smy support ank move con
stp support nwy
tun move wes
tys move rom
ven move tri
vie move tyr
war move sil
PHASE 1914 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
France: fleet/dislodged nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
Turkey: fleet/dislodged rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
nth move lon
PHASE 1914 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bar move nrg
bel support bur
bul/sc support aeg move gre
bur support bel
con move bul/sc
den move hel
edi support nrg
eng support lon move nth
gre support con move bul/sc
hel support lon move nth
hol support nth move bel
kie support hol
lon move nth
lvp move wal
mun move bur
nap move tys
nth move bel
nrg support eng move nth
nwy support bar move nrg
rom support nap move tys
ruh support nth move bel
rum support sev
ser move tri
sev support rum
sil move mun
smy move con
stp move fin
tyr support ser move tri
ven move tri
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1914 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: army/dislodged bel
Russia: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move pic
PHASE 1914 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Russia: fleet bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
remove hel
build Fleet stp/sc
build Army war
PHASE 1915 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Russia: fleet bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank move bla
bar move nrg
bel move pic
bur support pic
con move bul/sc
den move nth
edi support nth
eng convoy wal move bre
fin move stp
gre support con move bul/sc
hol move bel
kie move hol
mun move bur
nth support nrg
nrg support nth
nwy support den move nth
pic support bur
rom hold
ruh support mun move bur
rum support sev
sev support rum
sil move mun
smy hold
spa/sc move por
stp/sc move bot
tri move ven
tyr support tri move ven
tys move tun
ven move pie
wal move bre
PHASE 1915 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Russia: fleet bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Russia: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bur move mar
PHASE 1915 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Russia: fleet bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Russia: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bar move nrg
bel move nth
bla hold
bot move swe
bre move par
bul/sc hold
bur move gas
den support bel move nth
edi support nrg
eng support bel
gre hold
hol support ruh move bel
ion move nap
kie move mun
mar hold
mun move bur
nth support nrg
nrg support nth
nwy support bel move nth
pic support bre move par
pie move mar
por move spa/sc
rom move nap
ruh move bel
rum support sev
sev support rum
smy hold
stp move mos
tun hold
tyr support ven
ven hold
PHASE 1915 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Russia: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
France: fleet/dislodged nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nth move lon
PHASE 1915 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Russia: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
build Army bre
build Fleet con
remove ion
remove pie
PHASE 1916 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Russia: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
bar move nrg
bla move con
bre move gas
bul/sc move aeg
bur move mar
con move smy
den support nth
edi support nrg
eng support pic move bel
gas support bur move mar
hol support bel
lon move nth
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move bur
nth support bar move nrg
nrg hold
nwy support bar move nrg
par move bur
pic move bel
sev support rum
smy move syr
spa/sc hold
swe move ska
tun move tys
tyr move pie
ven move apu
PHASE 1916 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Russia: fleet bar
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
