PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank hold
ber move kie
bre move pic
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move bur
nap move ion
par move bur
rom hold
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven hold
vie move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move bla
bot move swe
bud support bul move rum
bul move rum
con move bul
edi move nwy via convoy
gal move bud
hol move nth
ion move gre
kie move den
nth move den
nrg convoy edi move nwy
par move bur
pic move bel
rom move ven
rum move sev
ser support bul move rum
spa hold
ukr move rum
ven move tyr
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet ber
build Fleet lon
build Army mar
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move arm
bel move hol
ber move bal
bla support rum
bud move tri
bul support rum
bur move ruh
gal move rum
hol move nth
ion support bul move gre
kie move den
lon move nth
mar move bur
nth move nrg
nrg move bar
par support mar move bur
rum support bul
ser support alb move gre
sev support gal move rum
smy move aeg
spa move por
stp/nc hold
swe move den
tyr support ven move tri
ukr support sev
ven move tri
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
arm move sev
bal support kie move den
bar support nwy move stp
bel move hol
bla support arm move sev
bud move tri
bul support rum
bur support ruh move mun
gal move rum
gre support aeg move ion
ion move tun
kie move den
lon move nth
mun move ruh
nrg move nwy
nwy move stp
par move pic
por hold
ruh move mun
rum support arm move sev
ser support bud move tri
stp/nc hold
swe move nwy
tri move ven
tyr support bur move mun
ukr support sev
vie support bud move tri
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mun move kie
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army edi
build Army mar
build Fleet nap
build Army par
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bal support den move swe
bar support edi move nwy
bel move hol
bla support arm move sev
bud move gal
bul support rum
bur move mun
den move swe
edi move nwy via convoy
gal support sev move rum
hol move bel
ion move tys
kie move mun
mar move bur
mun move ber
nap support tun move ion
nth support bel move hol
nrg convoy edi move nwy
par move pic
pic move bel
por move spa
rum support arm move sev
sev move rum
stp move mos
swe move nwy
tun move ion
tyr support ven
ukr move mos
ven support tyr
vie support bud move gal
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hol
Germany: fleet/dislodged hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gal move war
hol move hel
swe move fin
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bal support kie move ber
bar move stp/nc
bel support hol
ber support bur move mun
bla move con
bur move mun
fin move stp/sc
hel move nth
hol hold
ion move tun
kie move ber
mar move bur
nap hold
nth move ska
nrg move nth
nwy move swe
rum move ukr
sev support rum move ukr
stp move mos
tri move vie
tyr move ven
tys move nap
ukr move mos
ven move rom
vie move boh
war support ukr move mos
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
France: army/dislodged ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move sil
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove fin
build Army mar
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bal support ber move kie
bar move stp/nc
bel move hol
ber move kie
boh support gal move sil
bul hold
bur move ruh
con support bul
gal move sil
hel move nth
hol move kie
mar hold
mos move lvn
mun support sil move ber
nap move tys
nrg move nth
nwy support stp move fin
pic move bel
rom hold
ser move bud
sev move mos
sil move ber
ska support nrg move nth
smy move aeg
spa hold
stp move fin
swe move den
tun support nap move tys
tys move ion
ukr support sev move mos
ven hold
vie move tyr
war move pru
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal support kie move ber
bel move hol
ber support hol move kie
boh support tyr move mun
bud move gal
bul move rum
con move aeg
den move swe
fin support nwy move swe
hel move nth
hol move kie
ion move adr
kie move ber
lvn move mos
mar move bur
mos support ukr move war
nth move hel
nwy support ska move swe
pic move bel
pru move ber
rom support tys move nap
ruh support hol move kie
sil support tyr move mun
ska move swe
spa move mar
tun move ion
tyr move mun
tys move nap
ukr move war
ven hold
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove bal
build Fleet bre
build Fleet edi
remove hel
remove lvn
build Army par
remove pru
build Fleet smy
build Army tri
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
adr support aeg move ion
aeg move ion
ank move con
bel hold
ber move kie
boh move tyr
bre move pic
bur hold
con move aeg
den support ber move kie
edi move nth
fin support nwy move swe
gal move boh
hol hold
kie support nth move den
mos support war
mun support sil move ber
nap move ion
nth move den
nwy move swe
par hold
rom move nap
ruh hold
rum move ukr
sil move ber
smy move eas
stp/nc hold
swe move bal
tun support nap move ion
ven hold
war support mos
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Germany: army/dislodged ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
ber move pru
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tyr move ven
aeg move ion
ank move smy
bal support nth move den
bel move lon
boh support mun
bur move bel
con move aeg
den move kie
eas support aeg move ion
edi move nth
fin move stp
gre support aeg move ion
hol move kie
kie move hel
mar move bur
mos move lvn
mun support ber
nap support tun move ion
nth move den
par move pic
pic move eng
pru move sil
rom support ven
ruh move hol
stp/nc move bar
swe support nth move den
tri support tyr move ven
tun move ion
tyr move ven
ukr move mos
ven hold
war support mos move lvn
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
ven move tus
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army lon
remove sil
remove tus
build Army vie
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
adr move apu
aeg support eas move ion
bal support stp move lvn
bar move nrg
bel move ruh
ber support mun
boh support mun
bur support ruh move mun
den support nth move hel
eas move ion
eng move mid
gre support eas move ion
hel support hol move kie
hol move kie
ion move tys
lon move wal
lvn support mos move stp
mar move pie
mos move stp
mun support ber
nap move tys
nth move hel
pic move bel
rom move ven
ruh move mun
smy move con
stp move lvn
swe move fin
tri move ven
tun move ion
ven move rom
vie move tyr
war move mos
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: fleet/dislodged hel
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
Turkey: army/dislodged lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
hel move hol
lvn move war
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
aeg convoy con move nap
apu support con move nap
bal support kie move ber
bel move hol
ber support mun
boh support mun
bud move vie
bur support ruh move mun
con move nap
den support hel move nth
eas support ion
fin support lvn move stp
gre support ion
hel move nth
hol move kie
ion convoy con move nap
kie move ber
lvn move stp
mid move wes
mos support stp
mun support ber
nap hold
nrg move nwy
pic move bel
pie move tyr
rom support nap
ruh move mun
stp support mos
tri support tyr move ven
tun hold
tyr move ven
ven move rom
war support mos
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Austria: army/dislodged ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Italy: fleet/dislodged nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move pru
nap move tys
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet mar
build Fleet smy
remove tys
remove vie
remove wal
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank move con
apu support ven
bal support kie move ber
bel move hol
ber move mun
boh support mun
bur support ber move mun
den hold
eas support aeg move ion
fin support lvn move stp
hol move kie
ion move nap
kie move ber
lvn move stp
mar move gol
mos support stp
nap move rom
nth hold
nwy support lvn move stp
pie move tyr
rom hold
ruh support ber move mun
smy move aeg
stp support pru move lvn
tri move vie
tun hold
tyr support mun
ven support nap move rom
war support pru move lvn
wes move tun
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: fleet ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
Austria: army/dislodged mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Italy: army/dislodged rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun move sil
rom move tus
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: fleet ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu move nap
bal support stp move lvn
ber hold
boh support tyr move mun
bur support mun
con move bul
den hold
eas move ion
fin move stp
gre support ion
ion move tun
kie support mun
gol move tys
mos support war move lvn
mun hold
nap move rom
nth hold
nwy support fin move stp
pie support tus move ven
pru move lvn
rom move tus
ruh support mun
sil support tyr move mun
stp move lvn
tus move ven
tyr move mun
ven support rom
vie support boh
war move lvn
wes support gol move tys
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: fleet ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Austria: army/dislodged ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ven move tri
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: fleet ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
remove gre
build Army lon
build Fleet mar
remove vie
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: fleet ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg convoy con move apu
bal support stp move lvn
ber hold
boh move mun
bul move rum
bur move mar
con move apu via convoy
den move swe
eas support ion
fin move stp
hol hold
ion convoy con move apu
kie support ber
lon move den via convoy
mar move gol
mos support war move lvn
mun support pie move tyr
nap move tys
nth convoy lon move den
nwy support fin move stp
pie move tyr
pru support sil
rom support tus
ruh support mun
sil move ber
stp move lvn
tri move ven
tun support tys
tus support tri move ven
tyr support tri move ven
tys support ven move rom
ven hold
war move lvn
wes support tun
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: fleet ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
apu support nap move rom
bal convoy den move lvn
boh move mun
den move lvn via convoy
eas move ion
fin support stp
ion move nap
mos support war move lvn
nap move rom
nth hold
nwy move nrg
pru support sil
rom move tus
rum move gal
sil move ber
stp support den move lvn
swe move bot
tun support tys
tus move pie
tyr support ven
ven support tyr
war move lvn
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: fleet ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army tri
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: fleet ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal support stp move lvn
ber move pru
boh support tyr move mun
bot support stp move lvn
den hold
eas support aeg move ion
fin move stp
gal move war
ion move tys
kie move ber
gol move tys
mar move spa
mos support war move lvn
mun hold
nap support ion move tys
nth hold
nrg hold
pie move tyr
pru support sil
rom support tus
ruh support mun
sil support tyr move mun
stp move lvn
tun support tys
tus support ven move pie
tyr move mun
tys move tun
ven move pie
war move lvn
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: fleet ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
France: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun move bur
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: fleet ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
France: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal convoy den move lvn
ber hold
boh move vie
bot support den move lvn
bur move mar
den move lvn via convoy
eas move ion
gal move ukr
hol move kie
ion move tun
kie move mun
lvn move mos
gol move tys
mos support war
mun support pru move ber
nap support tys
nth hold
nrg hold
pie move tyr
pru move ber
rom support tys
ruh support kie move mun
sil support pru move ber
spa move tun via convoy
stp support lvn move mos
tri support pie move tyr
tun hold
tus move pie
tyr move vie
tys support ion move tun
war support mos
wes convoy spa move tun
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
Austria: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: army/dislodged tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun disband
tyr move ven
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army vie
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu support tri move ven
bal convoy den move pru
boh move mun
bot support lvn
den move pru via convoy
eas support ion
ion support tys
lvn support den move pru
mos support war
nap move rom
nth move den
nrg move nth
pie support rom move tus
rom move tus
sil support ber
stp support lvn
tri move ven
tun move ion
tyr support tri move ven
tys move gol
ukr support mos
vie support tyr
war support mos
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support kie move ber
boh move mun
eas move ion
ion move tys
lvn support pru move war
mos support war
pie support tus
pru move war
rom support ion move tys
sil support war
stp move mos
tun move ion
tus support tys move gol
tyr support boh move mun
tys move gol
ukr support mos
ven support pie
vie move gal
war support mos
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army vie
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support pru move ber
ber support sil
bot move swe
bud move vie
den move nth
eas move ion
gal support war
lvn support stp
gol support pie move mar
mos support war
mun move bur
nth move eng
pie move mar
pru move ber
rom support tys
sil support ber
stp support lvn
tun move ion
tus support tys
tyr move mun
tys support eas move ion
ukr support mos
ven support pie
vie move boh
war support mos
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: army mar
France: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu move nap
bal support kie
ber support sil move pru
boh move sil
bur move par
eng move bre
gal support ukr
ion move tun
lvn support stp
gol move spa/sc
mar support gol move spa
mos support war
mun support ber
nth move hol
rom support tys
sil move pru
stp support lvn
swe move den
tun hold
tus move gol
tys support ion move tun
ukr support mos
ven move tyr
vie move boh
war support mos
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Austria: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army/dislodged spa
France: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: fleet/dislodged tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
tun move naf
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army con
build Army edi
build Fleet lon
build Fleet lvp
remove naf
build Fleet smy
build Army tri
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move arm
bal support lvn
ber move kie
boh move tyr
bre move mid
den move kie
edi hold
gal support war
hol support den move kie
lon move eng
lvn support stp
lvp move iri
gol move spa/sc
mar move gas
mos support war move lvn
mun support ber move kie
nap move rom
par move pic
pru move lvn
rom move tys
sil move ber
smy move aeg
spa/sc move por
stp support lvn
tri move vie
tun support tys move wes
tyr move pie
tys move wes
ukr support mos
war move lvn
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Turkey: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
Austria: army pic
Austria: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
France: fleet/dislodged wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Turkey: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
Austria: army pic
Austria: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
arm move sev
bal support den move kie
ber support mun move kie
con move bul
den move kie
eng move bre
gal move sil
gas move bre
hol support den move kie
lvn move mos
mid move gas
mos support war move lvn
mun move kie
pic move bel
por support wes move mid
pru move lvn
rom move tus
sil move mun
spa/sc support wes move mid
stp support lvn move mos
tun move naf
tys move wes
ukr support mos
war move lvn
wes move mid
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Austria: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
England: fleet/dislodged mid
Turkey: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
Austria: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
mid move nat
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
Austria: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Austria: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet con
build Fleet lon
build Fleet lvp
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
Austria: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Austria: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move bot
bel move hol
ber support mun move kie
con move aeg
edi move yor
eng move pic
gas support mid move bre
hol support kie
ion move tun
iri support nat move mid
kie hold
lon move eng
lvn move stp
lvp move wal
mid move bre
mos support lvn move stp
mun move kie
naf move mid
nat move mid
por support naf move mid
pru support ber
sev move ukr
sil support ber
spa/sc support naf move mid
tus move pie
tyr move mun
ukr move war
wes support naf move mid
PHASE 1913 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
England: fleet bot
Turkey: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
England: fleet/dislodged kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
England: fleet pic
Austria: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Austria: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
England: army/dislodged stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
kie move den
stp move fin
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
England: fleet bot
Turkey: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
England: fleet pic
Austria: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Austria: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
bel move hol
ber support kie
bot move bal
bre support mid move eng
bud move rum
bul move rum
den move kie
eng move bel
fin hold
gal move war
gas support bre
hol support eng move bel
kie support bel move hol
mos support stp
mun support kie
pic support eng move bel
pie move mar
por support wes move mid
pru support gal move war
sil support gal move war
spa/sc support wes move mid
stp support war move lvn
tun move naf
ukr move war
vie move tri
war move lvn
wes move mid
PHASE 1913 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Austria: army/dislodged bel
England: fleet bel
Austria: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
England: fleet pic
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Austria: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
bel move ruh
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bre
Turkey: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
England: fleet pic
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Austria: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove nat
build Army vie
remove yor
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bre
Turkey: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
England: fleet pic
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Austria: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
ber support kie
bul support ukr move rum
gas support spa/sc move mar
kie support ruh
lvn move mos
mid move nat
mos move ukr
mun move bur
naf support por move mid
por move mid
ruh support kie
sil move mun
spa/sc move mar
stp support lvn move mos
tus move ven
ukr move rum
wes move tys
PHASE 1914 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bre
Turkey: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: army/dislodged mar
Turkey: fleet mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
England: fleet pic
Turkey: supply por
Austria: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
mar move pie
PHASE 1914 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bre
Turkey: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: fleet mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
England: fleet pic
Austria: army pie
Turkey: supply por
Austria: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
ber support kie
bre support naf move mid
bud hold
bul move ser
bur move mar
gas support mar
kie support ber
mid move nat
mos support ukr move war
mun support ruh move bur
naf move mid
nat move lvp
pie move ven
pru move lvn
ruh move bur
rum support bul move ser
tri support pie move ven
tys move tus
ukr move war
ven support tys move tus
vie move gal
PHASE 1914 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bre
Turkey: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Turkey: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: fleet mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
England: fleet pic
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Austria: army ven
Turkey: army/dislodged ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Turkey: army war
Austria: army/dislodged war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
ven move rom
war move pru
PHASE 1914 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bre
Turkey: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Turkey: fleet lvp
Turkey: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: fleet mar
Turkey: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
England: fleet pic
Turkey: supply por
Austria: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
