PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move apu
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven hold
vie move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb support apu move gre
ank move bla
apu move gre
bot move swe
bud move vie
bul move rum
bur move mun
con move bul
gal support ukr move rum
hol hold
ion convoy apu move gre
kie move den
mid move por
nth convoy yor move bel
nrg move nwy
ruh move bel
sev move bla
spa hold
ukr move rum
ven hold
yor move bel via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army bre
build Army bud
build Fleet edi
build Army mar
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/nc
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move tri
ank move bla
ber support ruh move mun
bre move pic
bud support vie move gal
bul hold
con support bul
den move kie
edi move nrg
gal move bud
gre support ser move bul
hol move bel
ion move eas
mar support par move bur
mos move stp
mun move kie
nap move ion
nth support nwy
nwy hold
par move bur
por move mid
ruh move mun
rum support gal move bud
ser move bul
sev move bla
smy move aeg
spa move gas
stp/nc move bar
ven hold
vie move gal
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bud move vie
mun move sil
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move gre
ank move bla
bar support stp move nwy
bel hold
ber move sil
bud support rum move ser
bul support aeg move gre
bur move ruh
con move smy
den move kie
eas move smy
gal support vie move bud
gas move bur
gre support ser
ion support gre
mid hold
mar support gas move bur
mun support ber move sil
nth convoy yor move hol
nrg move bar
nwy support nrg move bar
pic support yor move bel
rum move ser
ser support vie move bud
sev move rum
sil move war
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri move alb
ven hold
vie move bud
yor move hol via convoy
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Russia: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bud move tri
nwy move ska
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
ORDERS
remove alb
build Army mos
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bar support nwy
bel move hol
bla move rum
bud support ser
bul support aeg move gre
bur support ruh move mun
con move smy
eas support ion move aeg
gal move vie
gre support ser
hol move kie
ion move aeg
kie support bel move hol
mid hold
mos move war
mun move ruh
nth support nrg move nwy
nrg move nwy
pic move bel
ruh move mun
rum support tri move bud
ser support bud
sev support rum
sil move war
ska move swe
swe support nwy
tri move bud
ven move tri
war move sil
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Italy: army/dislodged gre
Turkey: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: army/dislodged hol
Germany: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
ORDERS
gre move alb
hol move ruh
mun move ber
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move smy
alb move gre
bar support nwy
bel hold
ber support sil move mun
bud move tri
bul support gre
bur support mun
eas move smy
gre hold
hol hold
kie support hol
mid hold
mar move gas
mos move war
mun hold
nth support ska move den
nrg move nth
nwy support swe
ruh support mun
rum support tri move ser
ser support alb move gre
sev move bla
sil move mun
ska move den
swe support nwy
tri move ser
ven support bud move tri
vie support bud move tri
war move sil
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army/dislodged smy
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
ORDERS
ser move bud
smy move ank
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
ORDERS
remove hol
build Fleet mar
build Army par
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb support tri move ser
ank move smy
bar support nwy
bel support ruh move hol
ber support sil move mun
bla move con
bud support tri move ser
bul support gre
bur support mun
den move bal
gas move mar
kie move ruh
mid move wes
mar move gol
mos move war
mun hold
nth move den
nrg move bar
nwy support swe
par move pic
ruh move hol
rum support ser
ser support rum
sev move bla
sil move mun
smy move con
swe move den
tri move ser
ven move apu
vie support bud
war move sil
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support alb move gre
alb move gre
ank support bla move con
bal move bot
bar support nwy
bel support bur move ruh
ber support sil move mun
bla move con
bud support ser
bul support gre
bur move ruh
gre move aeg
hol hold
gol convoy mar move tus
mar move tus via convoy
mos move war
mun hold
nth support nrg move nwy
nrg move nwy
pic move bur
ruh move kie
rum move bul
ser support alb move gre
sev move bla
sil move mun
smy move con
swe move den
vie move gal
war move sil
wes move tun
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gre
Turkey: fleet/dislodged gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: army tus
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
France: supply war
ORDERS
gre move ion
mun move boh
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove boh
remove ion
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army vie
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support smy move con
ank move smy
apu move rom
bar support stp/nc move nwy
bel hold
ber support mun move sil
bla support rum move bul
bot move swe
bud move ser
bul move gre
bur support sil move mun
con support ank move smy
den support nwy move swe
gal support vie move bud
gre support ser move bul
hol move kie
kie move ruh
gol move tys
mos move ukr
mun move sil
nap move tys
nth move den
nrg move nwy
nwy move swe
ruh support sil move mun
rum move bul
ser move bul
sil move mun
smy move con
stp/nc move nwy
tun support gol move tys
tus move rom
vie move bud
war support mos move ukr
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Turkey: fleet/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
con move ank
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
ank move con
apu move rom
bar support stp/nc move nwy
bel hold
ber move sil
bla support rum move bul
bot move swe
bud support gal move rum
bul support ank move con
bur support sil move mun
con support aeg move smy
den support nwy move swe
gal move rum
gre move bul
hol move kie
kie move ruh
mun support kie move ruh
nap move ion
nth move den
nrg move nwy
nwy move swe
ruh support hol move kie
rum move bul
ser support gal move rum
sil move mun
smy support ank move con
stp/nc move nwy
tun move ion
tus move ven
tys support tun move ion
ukr move rum
vie move tri
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
Germany: army/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove gre
build Fleet mar
build Army par
build Army vie
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
ank move con
bar support stp/nc move nwy
bel hold
bla support bul move rum
bud move vie
bul move rum
bur move mar
con support aeg move smy
den support nwy move swe
ion move nap
mar move gol
mun move tyr
nap support rom
nwy move swe
par move bur
rom support nap
ruh move mun
rum move bud
ser move bul
sil move ber
smy support ank move con
stp/nc move nwy
tri move ven
tys support ion move nap
ukr move war
ven move rom
vie move boh
war move pru
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: fleet/dislodged nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nap move apu
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
ank move con
apu move nap
bar move stp/nc
bel move ruh
bla move ank
boh support vie move tyr
bud support tri
bul support con
bur move mun
con support aeg move smy
den support nwy move nth
gol convoy mar move tus
mar move tus via convoy
mun move boh
nap hold
nwy move nth
pru support war move sil
rom support apu move nap
smy move con
swe support den
tri support vie move tyr
tyr support mun move boh
tys support nap
ven move rom
vie move tyr
war move sil
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: army/dislodged tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
tyr move pie
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
remove rom
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber support tyr move mun
bla move ank
boh support tyr
bre move eng
bud move vie
bul support con
bur support mun
den move nth
gol move wes
mun hold
nap move apu
nth move lon
pie support ven move tyr
pru move ber
ruh support mun
rum move gal
sil support pru move ber
smy support ank move con
stp/nc move bar
swe move nwy
tri support tyr
tus move ven
tyr support apu move ven
tys move ion
ven move tyr
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
ank move con
apu move ven
bar move nwy
ber hold
bla hold
boh support tyr move mun
bul support ank move con
bur support mun
eng move bel
gal hold
ion move nap
mun support pie move tyr
nap move rom
nth convoy nwy move bel
nwy move bel
pie move tyr
ruh support mun
sil support tyr move mun
smy support ank move con
tri support vie move tyr
tus support ven
tyr move mun
ven support pie move tyr
vie move tyr
wes move tys
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Italy: fleet/dislodged con
Italy: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
con move aeg
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove aeg
build Fleet ank
remove apu
build Fleet bre
build Army stp
build Army war
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber support tyr move mun
bla hold
boh support tyr move mun
bre move pic
bul support gre
bur support mun
con support ank move bla
eng move nth
gal move ukr
gre move ion
lon move eng
mun support pie move tyr
nap move ion
nth convoy nwy move edi
nwy move edi
pie move tyr
rom move nap
ruh support mun
sil support tyr move mun
smy move arm
stp move nwy
tri move ven
tus support ven
tyr move mun
tys support nap move ion
ven support pie move tyr
vie move tyr
war move mos
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet/dislodged bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bla move rum
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bar move nwy
ber support mun
bla support arm move sev
boh support vie move tyr
bul move con
bur move mun
con move aeg
edi move lvp
eng support pic move bel
gre hold
ion move adr
lon hold
mos move sev
mun support vie move tyr
nap move apu
nth convoy nwy move edi
nwy move edi
pic move bel
pie move tyr
ruh move hol
rum support bul
sil support mun
tri support vie move tyr
tus move pie
tys move ion
ukr support mos move sev
ven support pie move tyr
vie move tyr
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove arm
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Army sev
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army vie
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven
aeg move con
apu support ion
bel support bre move eng
ber move kie
bla support aeg move con
boh support mun
bre move eng
bud move ser
bur move mun
con move bul
edi move den
eng move iri
gre move bul/sc
hol move kie
ion hold
lon move eng
lvp move wal
mos move stp
mun support ber move kie
nth convoy edi move den
nwy support nth
pie move tyr
rum move bla
sev move arm
sil move ber
stp/nc move bar
tri move ven
tus move rom
tyr support tri move ven
ukr move sev
ven support pie move tyr
vie support tyr
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
England: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
aeg move con
apu move ion
arm move ank
bar support nwy move nrg
bel move nth
ber move kie
bla move ank
boh support tyr move mun
bur move mun
den support ber move kie
eng support bel move nth
gre hold
hol move kie
ion move aeg
iri move wal
lon support nth
mun move ruh
nwy move nrg
pie support rom move ven
rom move ven
rum move bla
ser support tri
sev hold
sil move ber
stp move nwy
tri support vie move tyr
tyr move mun
ven move tri
vie move tyr
wal move lvp
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
England: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
England: fleet/dislodged nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet stp/nc
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg move con
apu move ion
arm move smy
bar move nrg
bel move nth
ber move kie
bla support aeg move con
boh move tyr
bur move ruh
con support arm move ank
gre hold
hol support bur move ruh
ion move eas
kie move hol
lon support nrg move nth
lvp move wal
mun support ruh move bur
nth move hel
nrg move nth
nwy move swe
pie move tyr
rom move apu
ruh move bur
rum move bla
ser support tri
stp/nc move nwy
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
ven support pie move tyr
wal support eng move lon
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet eas
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Austria: army/dislodged tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bur move mar
tyr move vie
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet eas
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr convoy apu move alb
aeg move bul/sc
apu move alb via convoy
bel support hol
ber move kie
bla move ank
boh move tyr
bur move par
con move bul
den hold
eas move aeg
eng support wal move lon
gre move bul/sc
hel support kie move hol
hol hold
ion support eas move aeg
kie move hol
lon support lvp move wal
lvp move wal
mun support boh move tyr
nth move bel
nrg move nat
nwy support nth
rum move bla
ser support tri
sev hold
smy hold
tri support boh move tyr
tyr move tri
ven support tyr move tri
vie support tri
wal move lon
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
France: army/dislodged hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
Russia: fleet/dislodged lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Austria: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: army/dislodged tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
hol move ruh
lon move yor
tyr move pie
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army wal
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove pie
build Army war
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
adr support ven
aeg support ion move gre
alb support ion move gre
ank hold
bel move hol
bla support sev move arm
bud move rum
con support alb move smy
den move kie
eng move mid
gre hold
hel support nwy move nth
hol support kie move ruh
ion move gre
kie move ruh
lon hold
mar move gas
mun move ber
nat move mid
nth move lon
nwy move nth
par move bur
ruh support bel move hol
ser support bud move rum
sev move arm
smy hold
swe move nwy
tri hold
tyr move mun
ven hold
vie move gal
wal support nth move lon
war move ukr
yor support nth move lon
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
France: fleet gre
Italy: fleet/dislodged gre
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army wal
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
gre move bul/sc
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Austria: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
France: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army wal
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move smy
alb support gre
ank hold
arm move sev
bel support ruh move hol
ber support mun move kie
bla move con
bul/sc support con
bur move mun
con support ank
den support kie
eng move mid
gal move war
gas move par
hel support kie
hol support nwy move bel
kie support hol
lon move eng
mun move kie
nat move iri
nth convoy nwy move bel
nwy move bel
ruh move hol
ser support bul/sc
smy support bla move con
tri move tyr
ukr move war
ven hold
wal support yor move lon
yor move lon
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Austria: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Fleet mar
remove nwy
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Austria: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg hold
alb support gre
ank hold
bel support ruh move hol
ber support bur move mun
bla support sev move rum
bre move eng
bul/sc move con
bur move mun
con move smy
den support kie
eng convoy wal move bel
gal support rum
gre hold
hel support kie
hol support wal move bel
ion move eas
iri move mid
lon support eng
mid support bre move eng
mar move spa/sc
mun move sil
nth support wal move bel
par move pic
ruh move hol
ser support rum
sev move rum
smy move ank
tyr move tri
ukr move war
ven hold
wal move bel
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet eas
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move smy
alb support gre
ank hold
bel support hol
ber move kie
bla support smy move con
bre support spa/sc move mid
bul/sc hold
con move bul
den support kie
eas move smy
eng move mid
gal support sil move war
hel support kie
hol support bel
iri support eng move mid
lon move eng
mid move nat
mun support ber move kie
nth support lon move eng
pic support ruh move bel
ruh move bel
rum support con move bul
ser support rum
sev move rum
sil move war
smy move con
spa/sc move mid
tri move tyr
ven hold
war move ukr
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army par
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre move bul
alb move gre
ank hold
bel support hol move ruh
ber move kie
bla support con move bul
bre support spa/sc move mid
bud move rum
bul/sc hold
con move bul
den support kie
eng support iri move mid
gal move war
gre move bul/sc
hel move nth
hol move ruh
iri move mid
lon move wal
mun support ber move kie
nat support spa/sc move mid
nth move nrg
par move bur
pic support ruh move bel
ruh move bel
rum move ukr
ser support bud move rum
sev move rum
smy move con
spa/sc move mid
tyr move tri
ukr support sev move rum
ven hold
war move lvn
PHASE 1913 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
Russia: army/dislodged bel
Russia: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Russia: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bel move hol
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support smy move con
alb move gre
ank move con
bel hold
ber support mun
bla support ukr move rum
bre move eng
bud support rum
bul/sc support ank move con
bur support bel
con move ank
den support kie
eng support iri move mid
gre move bul/sc
hol support ruh move bel
iri move mid
lvn move stp
mid support bre move eng
mun support ber
nat move iri
nth support hol move bel
nrg move nat
pic support bel
ruh move bel
rum support bul/sc
ser support rum
sev support ukr move rum
tri move tyr
ukr move rum
ven hold
wal move lvp
war move mos
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
remove bla
remove con
build Fleet mar
remove nth
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
alb move gre
ank move con
bel support bur move ruh
ber support mun
bre move eng
bud move rum
bul/sc support ank move con
bur move ruh
den support kie
eng support hol move bel
gre move bul/sc
hol move bel
iri support eng
kie support ruh move mun
lvp move nat
mid support bre move eng
mar move spa/sc
mos support rum move ukr
mun support ber
nat move iri
nrg support lvp move nat
pic support bel
ruh move mun
rum move ukr
ser support bul/sc
sev support ukr move mos
smy support aeg move con
stp support mos
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
ukr move mos
ven hold
vie move gal
PHASE 1914 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
France: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: fleet/dislodged eng
Austria: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
France: fleet/dislodged nat
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Russia: army/dislodged ukr
Austria: army ven
France: army/dislodged ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
eng move lon
nat move cly
ukr move war
ven move rom
PHASE 1914 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
France: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move bla
ber support mun
bul/sc support ank move con
bur hold
cly support mid move nat
con support gre move bul
den support kie
eng move nth
gal support ukr move war
gre move bul/sc
hol move bel
iri support nat move mid
kie support ruh move mun
lon move eng
mid move nat
mos move sev
mun support ber
nat move mid
nrg move edi
pic support bel
rom move ven
ruh move mun
rum support mos move sev
ser support bul/sc
sev support war move mos
smy support con
spa/sc move mid
stp move mos
tri move alb
ukr move war
war move mos
PHASE 1914 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
France: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
sev move ukr
war move lvn
PHASE 1914 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
France: fleet con
France: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove nat
remove ruh
build Army vie
PHASE 1915 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
France: fleet con
France: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
bel hold
ber support mun
bla move ank
bud move rum
bul/sc move gre
bur support bel
cly move edi
con support gre move bul
den support kie
eng move bre
gal move ukr
gre move bul/sc
hol support kie
iri move lvp
kie support hol
lvn support ukr move war
mid move nat
mun support ber
nth support cly move edi
pic move bre
rom move ven
rum move sev
ser support bul/sc move gre
sev move mos
smy move aeg
spa/sc move mid
stp support sev move mos
tri move alb
ukr move war
ven move rom
vie move tyr
war support gal move ukr
PHASE 1915 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
France: fleet con
France: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
Russia: fleet/dislodged edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Austria: army/dislodged war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
edi move nrg
war move gal
PHASE 1915 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
France: fleet con
France: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
alb move ser
ank move con
bel support nth move hol
ber move sil
bul/sc support ank move con
bur hold
con support aeg move bul
den support kie
edi hold
eng move bre
gal support ukr move war
gre support aeg move bul
hol support kie
kie support hol
lvn support war move mos
lvp move iri
mid support nat move iri
mos move lvn
mun move sil
nat move iri
nth hold
nrg move bar
pic move bre
rom move ven
rum support bul/sc
ser support tri move alb
sev move ukr
stp support mos move lvn
tri move alb
tyr move pie
ukr move war
ven move rom
war move mos
PHASE 1915 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
France: fleet con
France: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Russia: army/dislodged lvn
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
lvn move pru
PHASE 1915 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
France: fleet con
France: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
remove gal
build Fleet mar
PHASE 1916 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
France: fleet con
France: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
alb move ion
ank move con
bar move stp/nc
bel support bur move ruh
ber support mun
bre move eng
bul/sc move gre
bur move ruh
con move bul/sc
den support kie
edi move yor
eng support lvp move iri
gre move ion
hol support kie
iri move lvp
lvn move mos
lvp move iri
mid support bre move eng
mar hold
mos support pru move war
mun support ber
nth move den
pic move bur
pie move tus
pru move war
rom move ven
rum hold
ser support bul/sc move gre
stp support lvn move mos
ukr support lvn move mos
ven support pie move tus
war support lvn move mos
PHASE 1916 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
France: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: fleet/dislodged eng
Italy: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
eng move lon
mos move sev
PHASE 1916 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
France: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Austria: supply sev
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb support gre
bar move nwy
bel support ruh move hol
ber support mun
bul/sc move con
bur move mun
con move bul/sc
den support kie
eng support yor move lon
gre support ser move bul
hol support kie
iri move lvp
kie support pru move ber
lon move eng
mid move wes
mar move gol
mun support ber
nth support ruh move hol
pru move ber
rom hold
ruh move hol
rum move sev
ser move bul
stp move nwy
tus move rom
ukr support rum move sev
ven support tus move rom
war move pru
yor move lon
PHASE 1916 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Austria: army/dislodged ber
Austria: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: fleet/dislodged bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
France: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
France: supply gre
France: army hol
Russia: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
Russia: fleet/dislodged lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: army rom
France: army/dislodged rom
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Austria: supply sev
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move sil
bul move aeg
lon move wal
rom move nap
sev move arm
PHASE 1916 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
remove wal
PHASE 1917 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support ion
alb move ion
ank move con
bar move nrg
bel move ruh
ber support kie
bul support gre
bur support bel move ruh
con move smy
den support kie
eng hold
gre support alb move ion
hol support bel move ruh
ion hold
iri move lvp
kie support ber
lon move nth
lvp hold
gol move pie
mos move stp
mun support pru move ber
nap move rom
nth move hel
pru move ber
rom support ven move tus
sev hold
sil support pru move ber
stp move fin
tri move adr
ukr move mos
ven move tus
vie move tyr
wes move tun
PHASE 1917 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr move apu
aeg support ion
alb move adr
ber support kie
bul support gre
bur move mun
con move ank
den support kie
eng move wal
fin support stp move nwy
gre support alb move ion
hel support ruh move kie
hol support ruh move kie
iri support eng move wal
mos move stp
mun support kie
nap move rom
nth move edi
nrg move edi
pie move tus
rom support adr move apu
ruh move kie
sev hold
sil support mun
smy hold
stp move nwy
tun move tys
tus support tyr move pie
tyr move pie
PHASE 1917 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Russia: army arm
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Austria: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: fleet/dislodged pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
pie move mar
PHASE 1917 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Russia: army arm
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
remove aeg
build Army bud
build Fleet con
remove lvp
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1918 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Russia: army arm
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr support gre move ion
ank move bla
apu support gre move ion
arm move sev
ber support kie
bud move rum
bul support bud move rum
bur support den move mun
con support smy move aeg
den move kie
fin support nwy move swe
gre move ion
hel move den
hol support den move kie
ion move apu
iri move mid
kie move mun
mar move pie
mun support kie
nap support ion move apu
nth support nrg move nwy
nrg move nwy
nwy move swe
pie move mar
rom hold
ruh support kie move mun
sev support bud move rum
sil support mun
smy move aeg
stp move nwy
tri move alb
tus support rom
tys move rom
wal move lvp
PHASE 1918 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Austria: fleet/dislodged apu
Russia: army arm
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army fin
Italy: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Austria: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
apu move ven
PHASE 1918 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Russia: army arm
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army fin
Italy: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Austria: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
France: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven move apu
aeg support con move bul
apu support nap
arm move sev
ber support mun
bla support arm move sev
bul support rum
bur move mun
con move bul/ec
den move swe
fin support swe
hel move den
hol support ruh move kie
ion move nap
kie move mun
lvp hold
mid move wes
mar move pie
mun support kie
nth support hel move den
nwy support den move swe
pie move mar
rom support ion move nap
ruh move kie
rum support sev
sev support rum
sil support mun
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tus support rom
tys move tun
ven move apu
PHASE 1918 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: fleet/dislodged apu
Russia: army arm
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army/dislodged bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army fin
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Austria: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu move ion
bul move gre
PHASE 1918 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Russia: army arm
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bre
build Army con
remove nwy
build Army par
PHASE 1919 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Russia: army arm
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg support ion
alb support gre
apu support adr move ion
arm move sev
ber support mun
bla support arm move sev
bre move pic
bul/ec move rum
bur move ruh
con support bul/ec
den support kie
fin support stp move nwy
gre hold
hol support kie
ion move tys
kie support bur move ruh
lvp move nat
mar hold
nap support adr move ion
nth move nrg
par move bur
pie move tyr
rum support sev
sev support rum
sil support mun
stp move nwy
swe move den
tun support ion move tys
wes support ion move tys
PHASE 1919 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
Austria: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Austria: army/dislodged sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
sev move mos
PHASE 1919 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
Austria: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
alb move gre
apu move ion
ber move kie
bla support bul/ec move rum
bul/ec move rum
bur move mun
con move bul
den support kie
fin support nwy
gre move ser
hol support kie
ion move eas
kie support bur move mun
mar move pie
mos support rum move sev
mun support ber move kie
nat move nrg
nap support apu move ion
nrg move nth
nwy hold
pic move bel
rom support nap
ruh support bur move mun
rum move sev
sev support bul/ec move rum
sil support mun
swe move den
tun support tys
tus move pie
tyr support mun
tys hold
wes support tys
PHASE 1919 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Austria: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Austria: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
sev move ukr
PHASE 1919 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Austria: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Fleet smy
remove ukr
PHASE 1920 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Austria: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move nwy via convoy
ber move kie
bre move eng
bur move mun
den move swe
eas support ion move aeg
fin support nwy
gre support ion move aeg
hol support kie
ion move aeg
kie support bur move mun
mar move pie
mos move ukr
mun support ber move kie
nth convoy bel move nwy
nrg support bel move nwy
nwy support swe
ruh support bur move mun
ser move bul
sev move rum
sil support mun
smy move eas
swe move den
tun support tys
tus move pie
tyr support mun
tys hold
wes support tys
PHASE 1920 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet/dislodged aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move con
PHASE 1920 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support eas move smy
bel support ruh
ber move kie
bla move sev
bul support rum
bur move mun
con move aeg
den move swe
eas move smy
eng move nth
fin support nwy
gre support ser move bul
hol support kie
kie support bur move mun
mar move pie
mun support ber move kie
nth move ska
nrg move nwy
nwy support swe
rom support nap
ruh support bur move mun
rum support bul
ser move bul
sev support ukr move rum
sil support mun
smy support con move aeg
swe move den
tun support tys move ion
tus move pie
tyr support mun
tys move ion
ukr move rum
wes move tys
PHASE 1920 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Austria: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
France: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army tri
PHASE 1921 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Austria: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
France: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
bel move nwy via convoy
ber move kie
bla support rum move bul
bul move con
bur move mun
con support smy
den support ska move swe
eas support aeg move smy
fin support swe
gre move ion
hol support kie
ion move gre
kie support bur move mun
mar move pie
mun support ber move kie
nap hold
nth convoy bel move nwy
nrg support bel move nwy
nwy support swe
rom support nap
ruh support bur move mun
rum move bul/ec
sev support ukr move rum
sil support mun
ska move swe
smy move aeg
swe support nwy
tri move ven
tun move ion
tus support rom
tyr support mun
tys hold
ukr move rum
PHASE 1921 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army/dislodged bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Austria: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: army nwy
Austria: army/dislodged nwy
Austria: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
France: fleet ska
Austria: fleet smy
Turkey: fleet/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bul move ser
nwy move stp
smy move syr
PHASE 1921 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Austria: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
France: fleet ska
Austria: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Turkey: fleet syr
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
ber move kie
bla support bul/ec move rum
bul/ec move rum
bur move mun
con support syr move smy
den support ska move swe
eas move smy
fin support swe
gre support ser move bul
hol support kie
ion move eas
kie support bur move mun
mun support ber move kie
nap support rom
nth support nwy
nrg support nwy
nwy support ska move swe
pie hold
rom support nap
ruh support bur move mun
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev support rum
sil support mun
ska move swe
smy move con
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
syr move smy
tun support tys
tus support ven move pie
tyr support mun
tys hold
ven move pie
PHASE 1921 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Austria: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: fleet/dislodged pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
France: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Austria: fleet/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
pie move mar
smy move aeg
PHASE 1921 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Austria: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
France: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
PHASE 1922 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Austria: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
France: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
ber move kie
bla move bul/ec
bre move mid
bul support aeg move con
bur move mun
con support smy
den move bal
eas move smy
fin support swe
gre move alb
hol support kie
kie support bur move mun
mar hold
mun support ber move kie
nap support rom
nth support nwy
nrg support nwy
nwy hold
pie move mar
rom support nap
ruh support bur move mun
rum support bul
sev move arm
sil support mun
ska move den
smy support con
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tun support ion
tus move ven
tyr support mun
tys support ion
PHASE 1922 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Austria: army fin
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul move con
alb move gre
arm support eas move smy
bal convoy kie move lvn
ber move kie
bla move ank
bul move con
bur move mun
con support smy
den support hol move kie
eas move smy
fin support swe move nwy
hol move kie
ion move aeg
kie move lvn via convoy
mid move wes
mar move pie
mun support ber move kie
nap support rom
nth support nwy
nrg support nwy
nwy hold
pie move mar
ruh support bur move mun
rum move bul
sil support mun
smy support con
stp support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tun move ion
tyr support mun
tys support tun move ion
ven move apu
PHASE 1922 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Austria: army arm
France: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Turkey: fleet/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
smy move syr
PHASE 1922 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Austria: army arm
France: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Turkey: fleet syr
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove syr
build Army vie
PHASE 1923 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Austria: army arm
France: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support smy move con
ank support con
apu move ven
arm move sev
bal support nwy move swe
ber move kie
bul support smy move con
bur move mun
con support ank
den support nwy move swe
fin move stp
gre move ion
ion move adr
kie hold
lvn move stp
mar move pie
mun support ber move kie
nap support gre move ion
nth move nwy
nrg support nth move nwy
nwy move swe
pie move mar
rom support nap
ruh support kie
rum move ukr
sil support mun
smy move con
stp move mos
swe move den
tun support ion
tyr support mun
tys support ion
vie move gal
wes hold
PHASE 1923 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Turkey: fleet/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
France: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
con move bla
PHASE 1923 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
France: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tys move ion
aeg support ion
ank support bla move con
bal support kie move ber
ber move pru
bla move con
bul support con
bur move mun
den move kie
fin move stp
gal move rum
ion support nap move tys
kie move ber
lvn support nwy move stp
mar move pie
mos support fin move stp
mun hold
nap move tys
nrg move bar
nwy move stp/nc
pie move mar
rom move ven
ruh support den move kie
sev move rum
sil support mun
swe move fin
tun support tys move ion
tyr support mun
tys move ion
ukr move war
ven move tri
wes move tys
PHASE 1923 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Austria: fleet/dislodged ion
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
France: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ion move apu
PHASE 1923 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
France: army swe
France: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove ank
build Fleet bre
build Army par
PHASE 1924 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
France: army swe
France: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ion
bal support kie move ber
bar move stp/nc
ber move mun
bla move ank
bre move mid
bur support ber move mun
ion hold
kie move ber
lvn move pru
mar move pie
nwy support bar move stp
par move pic
ruh support ber move mun
swe move fin
tun support ion
wes move tys
PHASE 1924 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: fleet ber
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
Austria: army/dislodged mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
France: army swe
France: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
