PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move eng
bud support vie move gal
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move war
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move ven
sev move rum
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
tri move adr
ven move tri
vie move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move tri
arm support bla move sev
bla move sev
bot move swe
bre move eng
bud move ser
bul support gal move rum
bur move bel
den hold
gal move rum
ion move tun
kie move hol
lon move eng
mos move ukr
nth move nwy
ruh move bel
rum hold
spa hold
tri move alb
ven move pie
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: fleet/dislodged rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
rum move bla
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
build Army bud
build Fleet con
build Army kie
build Fleet lvp
build Army mar
build Army mun
build Army ven
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move bla
arm support sev
bla move sev
bre move eng
bud move gal
bul move gre
bur move mun
con support ank move bla
den move nth
gal support ukr
hol support ruh move bel
kie move ruh
lon move eng
lvp move iri
mar hold
mun move bur
pie hold
ruh move bel
rum support bud move gal
ser move gre
sev support rum
spa move por
swe move den
tri hold
tun move wes
ukr support bla move sev
ven move tyr
vie support bud move gal
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
arm move sev
bel hold
bla move con
bre move mid
bul move gre
bur move bel
con move aeg
den hold
gal move war
iri support lon move eng
lon move eng
mar move spa
mun hold
nth convoy hol move edi
pie move mar
por support mar move spa
ruh move kie
rum move ukr
ser support bul move gre
sev move bla
tri move ven
tyr move ven
ukr move war
vie support tri
wes move gol
yor move edi
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army mos
build Fleet smy
build Army stp
build Army ven
build Army war
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move gre
bel move pic
bla support sev
bur support spa move mar
con move aeg
den hold
eng move lon
gal hold
gre move alb
hol move yor
iri move eng
kie support mun
gol move spa/sc
mid move bre
mar support gol move spa/sc
mos move sev
mun hold
nth convoy hol move yor
por move spa
rum move ukr
ser support gre move alb
sev support rum move ukr
smy move eas
spa move mar
stp move nwy
tri hold
tyr move ven
ukr support mos move sev
ven move pie
vie support tri
war move gal
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
Italy: army/dislodged mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
mar move gas
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb support ser move tri
bla support sev
bre move eng
bur move bel
den hold
eas move aeg
edi move lvp
eng move bel
gal move war
gas move spa
ion move nap
kie hold
lon move yor
gol support pie move mar
mar support por move spa
mos move sev
mun support kie
nth move edi
nwy move nth
pic move bel
pie move mar
por move spa
rum move ukr
ser support rum
sev support rum move ukr
stp move nwy
tri move adr
ukr support mos move sev
ven move rom
vie support gal
war move gal
yor move lvp
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
build Army par
build Army smy
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg convoy smy move gre
alb move apu
bla support sev
bre support par move pic
bur move mar
den hold
edi move lvp
eng move nth
gal move war
gas move spa
ion convoy alb move apu
kie support mun
gol move tys
mar support gas move spa
mos move sev
mun support kie
nap move tys
nth support pic move bel
nwy support eng move nth
par move pic
pic move bel
por move spa
rom move nap
rum move ukr
ser move bud
sev support rum move ukr
smy move gre
stp move nwy
ukr support mos move sev
vie move boh
war move gal
yor move lvp
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
apu move rom
bla support sev
boh support gal
bre support bur move gas
bud move rum
bur move gas
den hold
edi move lvp
eng move nth
gal move ukr
gas move spa
ion move tun
lon support eng move nth
gol move tys
mar move pie
mos move sev
nap support apu move rom
nwy move swe
pic move bel
por move spa
rom move ven
rum move bul
sev hold
stp move nwy
ukr move gal
ven hold
war support ukr move gal
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army/dislodged gal
France: army gas
Italy: army/dislodged gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Italy: army/dislodged rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
gal move bud
rom move tus
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army smy
build Army tri
remove tus
remove tys
build Army vie
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
bel move pic
ber move sil
bla support sev
boh move sil
bre move eng
bud move gal
bul support rum
den support nwy move swe
gal move bud
gas move mar
gre move nap
ion convoy gre move nap
lvp support nth move edi
mos hold
mun move tyr
nap move tys
nth move edi
nwy move swe
pic move bel
pie move mar
por move spa
rom move tus
rum move ukr
sev support rum move ukr
smy move arm
tri move tyr
tun move wes
ven hold
vie support bud move gal
war move ukr
yor move edi
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
England: fleet/dislodged swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
gal move rum
swe move bot
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
arm support sev
bel move pic
ber support kie
bla support bul move rum
boh move sil
bot move stp/sc
bul move rum
den hold
edi move yor
eng support pic move bel
gal move war
gas move mar
ion move tys
kie support mun
lvp support edi move yor
mos move ukr
nap move rom
pic move bel
pie move mar
rum hold
sev support ukr move mos
spa support gas move mar
swe hold
tri move ser
tus move pie
tys move gol
ukr move mos
ven hold
vie move bud
war support mos move ukr
wes move mid
yor move lon
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
Germany: army/dislodged bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
France: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
Russia: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: army/dislodged yor
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
mos move lvn
rum move ukr
yor move wal
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
remove den
build Army par
remove pie
build Army tri
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
arm move smy
bel move hol
ber move sil
bla move con
bre move mid
bud support gal
eng support bre move mid
gal support sil move war
kie move den
lon support lvp move wal
lvn support ukr move mos
lvp move wal
gol support tus move pie
mid move por
mar support spa
mos hold
mun support ber move sil
par move bur
rom move tun
rum move ukr
ser move rum
sev support rum move ukr
sil move war
spa support mar
swe move nwy
tri move ven
tus move pie
tys convoy rom move tun
ukr move mos
ven move tri
war support ukr move mos
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
war move pru
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
bud move vie
bur support mar
con move aeg
den hold
gal support war
hol hold
lon support yor move nth
lvn move war
gol convoy tun move spa
mid support spa move por
mar hold
mos hold
mun hold
nwy move stp
pie move mar
por support tun move spa
pru support lvn move war
rum support gal
sev support ukr move mos
sil move ber
spa move por
tri move ven
tun move spa
tys convoy tun move spa
ukr move mos
ven move adr
war hold
yor move nth
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
build Army bud
build Fleet con
remove pru
build Army tri
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr move apu
aeg move ion
ank move con
bud move vie
bur support mar
con move aeg
eng hold
gal move war
hol hold
lon move nth
lvn move stp
gol support tys move wes
mid support por move spa
mar hold
mos hold
nth move ska
nwy support lvn move stp
pie move mar
por move spa
rum move ukr
sev move arm
smy hold
spa move gas
tri move tyr
tys move wes
ven support tri move tyr
vie move boh
wal move lon
war move lvn
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet/dislodged stp/sc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
stp/sc move bot
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
arm move smy
boh support tyr move mun
bot move swe
bur move par
con move aeg
eng move bre
gas move par
hol move kie
ion move tys
lon move nwy
lvn support mos move stp
gol support pie move mar
mid support spa
mar hold
mos move stp
nth convoy lon move nwy
nwy support stp
pie move mar
smy move con
spa hold
stp support nwy
tyr move mun
ukr move war
vie move gal
war move pru
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Russia: army/dislodged stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
stp move fin
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove nwy
build Army par
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg convoy smy move gre
apu move adr
ber move kie
boh support mun
bre support par move gas
bur support spa move mar
con move bul
den support ber move kie
fin move nwy
gal move war
gas move bur
ion move tun
kie move hol
lon move hol
lvn move stp
gol support wes move spa/sc
mid support par move gas
mar support wes move spa/sc
mun support gas move bur
nth convoy lon move hol
par move gas
pru move ber
ska move nwy
smy move gre
spa move mar
stp move nwy
swe support ska move nwy
tri move ven
tys move wes
ven move tyr
vie move gal
war move sil
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
France: army/dislodged kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army/dislodged spa
France: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bur move par
kie move ruh
spa move por
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ber support mun move kie
bre support mid
bul move gre
bur support lon move bel
den move kie
gal move war
gas support par
gre move alb
kie move hol
lon move bel
lvn support stp
gol support spa/sc
mid hold
mar support spa/sc
mun move kie
nth convoy lon move bel
par hold
por hold
ruh move bel
sil support ber
spa/sc support wes move mid
stp hold
tun move naf
tyr move mun
ven move tyr
war move pru
wes move mid
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army edi
remove fin
remove gas
build Fleet lon
remove por
remove ruh
build Fleet smy
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr convoy alb move apu
alb move apu
ber move kie
boh move sil
bre support mid
bur support mar move gas
den support hol move kie
edi move hol
gre move tun
hol move kie
ion convoy gre move tun
kie move den
lon move eng
lvn move stp
gol hold
mid hold
mar move gas
mun move ruh
naf move mid
nth convoy edi move hol
nwy move ska
par hold
pru support sil move ber
sil move ber
smy move aeg
spa/sc support naf move mid
stp move fin
tri move ven
tyr move mun
vie move tyr
war move mos
wes support naf move mid
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
France: fleet/dislodged mid
Turkey: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
mid move iri
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
apu move rom
bel support hol
ber support ruh move kie
bre hold
bur support gas move par
den move kie
eng move bre
fin hold
gas move par
hol support bel
ion move tys
iri move lvp
kie move ber
gol move spa/sc
mid move por
mos move stp
mun support ruh move kie
nth support ska move den
par support bre
ruh move kie
ska move den
spa/sc move mid
stp move nwy
swe support ska move den
tun move naf
wes support spa/sc move mid
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: army naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Austria: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Turkey: army par
France: army/dislodged par
France: supply par
Turkey: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
par move pic
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: army naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Turkey: army par
Turkey: supply par
France: army pic
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Austria: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet con
remove pic
build Fleet smy
build Army vie
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: army naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Turkey: army par
Turkey: supply par
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Austria: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move pic
ber support kie
boh support mun move tyr
bre hold
bud move gal
bur move gas
con move aeg
den support hol move kie
eng support bel move pic
fin move swe
hol move kie
ion move tys
kie hold
lvp move cly
mid move nat
mun support kie
naf hold
nth support swe move nwy
nwy support fin move swe
par move pic
por move spa/nc
rom move tus
sil support kie move ber
smy move eas
spa/sc move mid
stp support nwy
swe move nwy
tyr move pie
tys move gol
wes support spa/sc move mid
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: army naf
Turkey: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Turkey: army par
Turkey: supply par
England: army pic
Austria: army pie
Turkey: supply por
Austria: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/nc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
England: fleet/dislodged swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
swe move bal
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: army naf
Turkey: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Turkey: army par
Turkey: supply par
England: army pic
Austria: army pie
Turkey: supply por
Austria: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/nc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move apu
aeg move gre
bal support hol move kie
ber move kie
boh move sil
bre move gas
cly move nrg
den support hol move kie
eas hold
eng support pic move bre
gal move war
gas move bre
hol move kie
kie move den
gol convoy tus move mar
mid move iri
mun move ruh
nat support mid move iri
nth move edi
nwy support swe
par support gas move bre
pic move bre
pie move tyr
pru move lvn
sil move pru
spa/nc support wes move mid
stp support nwy
swe hold
tus move mar
tys move wes
vie move gal
wes move mid
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet iri
England: army kie
Austria: army/dislodged kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: army naf
Turkey: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Turkey: army par
Turkey: supply par
England: army pic
Turkey: supply por
Austria: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/nc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
kie move mun
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: army naf
Turkey: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Turkey: army par
Turkey: supply par
England: army pic
Turkey: supply por
Austria: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/nc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu move nap
bal support den move swe
ber move kie
den move swe
eas move ion
eng hold
gal support war
gas move bre
gre move alb
iri support mid move eng
lvn hold
gol move wes
mid move eng
mar move bur
mun support ber move kie
naf hold
nat move lvp
nrg move nth
nwy support swe
par support gas move bre
pic move bel
pru hold
ruh move hol
sil support ber
spa/nc move por
stp support lvn
swe hold
tyr move boh
ven move tyr
war support pru
wes move mid
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Turkey: army bre
France: fleet/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
England: fleet/dislodged eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Austria: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
England: army/dislodged kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Turkey: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: army naf
Austria: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Turkey: army par
Turkey: supply par
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Austria: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bre move pic
eng move lon
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Turkey: army bre
Turkey: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Turkey: fleet lvp
Turkey: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: army naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Turkey: army par
Turkey: supply par
France: fleet pic
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Austria: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove nth
remove pic
build Fleet smy
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Turkey: army bre
Turkey: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Turkey: fleet lvp
Turkey: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: army naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Turkey: army par
Turkey: supply par
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Austria: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move adr
bel move ruh
boh move sil
bre move pic
bud move gal
bur move ruh
den move ska
edi move nrg
eng move lon
gal move ukr
hol hold
ion move nap
iri move nat
kie hold
lvn hold
lvp move cly
mid move eng
mun move ruh
naf move tun
nap move apu
nwy support swe
par move bur
por move mid
pru support sil move ber
sil move ber
smy move con
stp support lvn
swe hold
tri move adr
tyr move mun
vie move boh
war support pru
wes move gol
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Turkey: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army bur
Turkey: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Turkey: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Turkey: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Turkey: army par
Turkey: supply par
Turkey: army pic
Turkey: supply por
Austria: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
alb move ion
bel move ruh
ber hold
bur support eng move bel
cly move edi
con hold
eng move bel
hol support pic move bel
kie move den
lvn hold
gol move wes
mid move eng
nat move cly
nwy support swe
pic support eng move bel
pru hold
sil support ber
stp support nwy
swe hold
tri move ven
ukr move mos
war support pru
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
Turkey: fleet bel
Turkey: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Turkey: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army bur
Turkey: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
Turkey: fleet edi
Turkey: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: supply kie
Turkey: fleet lon
Turkey: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Turkey: supply lvp
Turkey: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Turkey: army par
Turkey: supply par
Turkey: army pic
Turkey: supply por
Austria: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove bal
remove nrg
remove ruh
remove ska
build Army smy
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Turkey: fleet bel
Turkey: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Turkey: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army bur
Turkey: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
Turkey: fleet edi
Turkey: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: supply kie
Turkey: fleet lon
Turkey: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Turkey: supply lvp
Turkey: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Turkey: army par
Turkey: supply par
Turkey: army pic
Turkey: supply por
Austria: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Turkey: fleet bel
Turkey: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Turkey: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army bur
Turkey: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
Turkey: fleet edi
Turkey: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: supply kie
Turkey: fleet lon
Turkey: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Turkey: supply lvp
Turkey: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Turkey: army par
Turkey: supply par
Turkey: army pic
Turkey: supply por
Austria: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
