PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
bre move pic
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move ukr
nap move ion
par move gas
rom move nap
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move lvn
tri move adr
ven move pie
vie hold
war hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move alb
ber move sil
bla support con move bul
bul move gre
con move bul
gas move spa
ion convoy nap move tun
lvn move bot
mun move ruh
nap move tun
nth convoy yor move hol
nrg move nwy
pic hold
pie hold
rum hold
ser hold
spa move por
ukr support war move gal
vie hold
war move gal
yor move hol
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army bre
build Army bud
build Fleet con
build Army edi
build Army kie
build Army lon
build Army lvp
build Army mar
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ber move pru
bla move con
bot move swe
bre move pic
bud support ser
bul support gre
con move aeg
den move swe
edi move nwy
gal support war
gre hold
hol support pic move bel
ion support alb move gre
lon hold
mar move bur
nap move tys
nth convoy edi move nwy
nwy move bar
pic move bel
por hold
ruh move bel
rum move sev
ser support alb move gre
smy move eas
spa hold
ukr move rum
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bar move stp/nc
bel move eng
bot move swe
bud support vie move gal
bul move ser
bur move mun
con support bul
den move swe
eas move ion
gal support rum move bud
gre support ser move bul
hol move kie
ion support gre
lon move hol
nth convoy lon move hol
nwy move swe
pic move bel
por hold
ruh hold
rum move bud
ser move bul
sev move bla
sil move boh
spa hold
tys support ion
vie move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bla
remove boh
build Fleet edi
build Army lvp
build Army mar
build Army par
remove pru
remove ruh
build Army tri
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
bel support par move bur
bot move swe
bud support vie move gal
bul move gre
con move bla
eas move aeg
edi move nrg
eng hold
gal support rum move bud
gre support ser move bul
hol move ruh
ion support gre
kie support nth move den
lvp move edi
mar hold
mun support hol move ruh
nth move den
nwy move stp
par move bur
pie support tri move tyr
por hold
ruh hold
rum move bud
ser move bul
spa hold
stp/nc move bar
tri support bud
tun move tus
tys support ion
vie move gal
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
den disband
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul/ec
bar convoy edi move stp
bel move hol
bla move sev
bud support tri move ser
bur move mun
con move bul/sc
den hold
edi move stp
eng move bel
gal support war move sil
gre support bul
ion move aeg
kie move ber
mar hold
mun move tyr
nrg convoy edi move stp
pie support tri move tyr
por hold
ruh move kie
rum support con move bul/sc
spa hold
stp move mos
swe hold
tri move ser
tun move rom
tys convoy tun move rom
vie support bud
war move sil
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Army lon
build Army par
remove sil
build Fleet smy
build Army tri
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support smy move eas
bar convoy edi move stp
ber move pru
bud support ser move rum
bul support ser move rum
con move bul/sc
den move nth
edi move stp
gal move war
gre support bul
ion move aeg
kie move ber
lon hold
mar move pie
mos hold
mun move boh
nrg convoy edi move stp
par move bur
pie support rom move ven
rom move ven
rum move ukr
ser move rum
sev support rum
smy move eas
stp move fin
swe move nwy
tri move tyr
tyr support mar move pie
vie support tri move tyr
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: army/dislodged tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
tyr move mun
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
bar support nrg move nwy
bel move eng
ber support bur move mun
boh move gal
bud support rum
bul support rum
bur move mun
con support aeg move bul/sc
eas move ion
fin move swe
gre hold
hol move ruh
ion support gre
lon move den
mar move bur
mos support sev
mun move boh
nth convoy lon move den
nrg move nwy
nwy move ska
pie support tyr
por move spa
pru move war
rum hold
sev hold
spa move mar
stp move lvn
tyr hold
tys support ion
ukr move war
ven support tyr
vie support tyr
war move lvn
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army/dislodged bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army lon
remove ska
build Fleet smy
build Army tri
remove war
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move pru
boh move vie
bud support tri move ser
bul/sc move gre
con support bul/sc
den move kie
eas support smy move aeg
eng move mid
gal support ukr move rum
gre hold
ion support gre
lon move den
mar move pie
mos support pru move war
mun move tyr
nth convoy lon move den
nwy move nrg
pie support ven
pru move war
ruh move mun
rum hold
sev support ukr move rum
smy move aeg
stp move lvn
swe move fin
tri move ser
tys support ion
ukr move rum
ven support tyr
vie support bud
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
France: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul/sc move gre
bar move nrg
boh support gal move vie
bud move rum
bul/sc move gre
con move bul/sc
den move kie
eas move ion
fin move stp
gal move vie
gre hold
ion hold
kie move ber
lvn support pru move war
mid move wes
mar move pie
mos support war move ukr
mun move tyr
nth move eng
nrg move nth
pie move mar
pru move war
rum move ser
ser support bud move rum
sev support rum
spa move naf
tyr support vie
tys move wes
ven move tri
vie support tyr
war move ukr
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: fleet/dislodged gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gre move alb
rum move gal
vie move bud
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
remove bud
build Army con
remove gal
build Army lon
remove tyr
build Army ven
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre
alb support ion
ber support kie
boh move vie
bre move mid
bul/sc hold
bur hold
con support bul/sc
eas move ion
eng convoy lon move pic
gre hold
ion hold
kie hold
lon move pic
lvn move war
mid move wes
mar move pie
mos hold
mun move tyr
nrg move nat
ruh move mun
rum support mos move sev
ser support tri move bud
sev move rum
spa move naf
stp move lvn
tri move bud
tys support ion
ukr support sev move rum
ven move tri
vie move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
alb move gre
ber hold
boh support vie
bud support tri
bul/sc support gre
bur move mun
con support bul/sc
eas move ion
eng hold
gal move bud
gre hold
ion move tun
kie hold
lvn hold
mid support wes
mar move pie
mos hold
mun move tyr
nth hold
pic hold
pie move ven
rum hold
ser support alb move gre
spa move tun
tri support bud
tyr move ven
tys move tun
ukr support rum
vie move tri
war hold
wes hold
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ion move adr
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove ser
build Army smy
build Army ven
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
aeg move ion
alb hold
ber move sil
boh support vie
bul/sc move aeg
bur support mar
con move bul
gal move rum
gre support aeg move ion
ion move apu
lvn move mos
mid move naf
mar move pie
mos move sev
mun move tyr
nat move mid
pie move ven
rum hold
smy move con
spa move tun
tri move ser
tyr move tri
tys move nap
ukr support gal move rum
ven move tri
vie support tyr move tri
war move gal
wes hold
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army rum
Turkey: fleet/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
England: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
rum move bla
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
England: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
aeg move smy
alb move ion
apu move ion
bla support bul move rum
boh support vie
bud support bul move rum
bul move rum
bur move mar
con move ank
eng hold
gal support rum
ion move tys
kie hold
mid hold
mar move pie
mos hold
mun move tyr
naf move tun
nap support ion move tys
nth hold
pic hold
pie move ven
rum hold
ser support bul move rum
sev support rum
sil move war
tyr move tri
ukr support rum
ven move tri
vie support tyr move tri
wes convoy spa move naf
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove alb
remove apu
build Army edi
build Army lon
build Army par
remove smy
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
ank move arm
bla support ank move arm
boh support vie
bud support ser move tri
bul move rum
bur move mar
edi move nwy
eng convoy lon move pic
gal move bud
gre move ion
kie move ber
lon move pic
mid hold
mar move pie
mos move sev
mun support tyr
nap support tys
nth convoy edi move nwy
par move bur
pic move bel
pie move ven
rum support gal move bud
ser support bud
sev move arm
tun support wes move tys
tyr support mar move pie
tys support gre move ion
ukr support mos move sev
ven move tri
vie support gal move bud
war move gal
wes move tys
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ven
arm move sev
bel move ruh
ber move sil
bla move con
boh move vie
bud move vie
bul move rum
bur move mun
eng hold
gal move bud
ion support nap move tys
mid hold
mar move pie
mos support sev
mun move tyr
nap move tys
nth hold
nwy move stp
pic hold
pie move tus
rum support gal move bud
ser support tri move bud
sev hold
tri support bud
tun hold
tyr move tri
tys move gol
ukr support sev
ven hold
vie support gal move bud
war move gal
wes move gol
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
England: army bud
England: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
England: army rum
England: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army edi
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
England: army bud
England: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
England: army rum
England: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ven
boh move vie
bud move ser
bur move mun
con support bul
edi move nwy
gal move bud
ion support tys move nap
mos move sev
mun move boh
nap move rom
nth convoy edi move nwy
pic hold
pie move ven
ruh move kie
rum support bud move ser
ser support tri
sev move arm
sil move war
stp move lvn
tri support ven
tun move tys
tus support pie move ven
tyr support vie move tri
tys move nap
ukr hold
vie move tri
wes move gol
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
England: army bud
England: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
England: army ser
Italy: army/dislodged ser
Italy: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
ser move gre
tri move alb
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
England: army bud
England: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
England: army ser
Italy: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven
alb support gre
gre support alb
kie move ber
gol convoy spa move tus
mun move tyr
nwy move stp
pie support tyr move ven
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sev move arm
spa move tus
tri support tyr move ven
tus move rom
tyr move ven
tys move tun
ukr move rum
ven support rom
war move gal
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
England: army bud
England: supply bud
England: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
Italy: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
England: army ser
Italy: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: supply war
ORDERS
ven disband
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
England: army bud
England: supply bud
England: army bul
England: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
England: army ser
England: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: supply war
ORDERS
remove adr
remove alb
build Fleet bre
build Army edi
build Fleet lon
build Army lvp
build Fleet mar
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
England: army bud
England: supply bud
England: army bul
England: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
England: army ser
England: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: supply war
ORDERS
ber move sil
boh move vie
bul support ser move gre
edi move nwy
eng move mid
lon move eng
lvn move war
gol move tys
mid move wes
mar move gol
nth convoy edi move nwy
pic hold
ser move gre
tri move alb
tun move ion
tus move rom
ven support tus move rom
vie move tri
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
England: army bud
England: supply bud
England: army bul
England: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
England: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
England: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bud move vie
eng move bel
gal support bud move vie
gol move tys
mid move por
nth move hol
pic move par
rom move nap
sil move mun
tun support tys move ion
tys move ion
ven move apu
war move ukr
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
England: supply bud
England: army bul
England: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gal
England: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
England: fleet por
France: supply por
France: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
England: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
England: army vie
France: army/dislodged vie
France: supply vie
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ion move aeg
vie move boh
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
England: supply bud
England: army bul
England: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gal
England: army gre
England: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
France: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
England: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
England: army vie
England: supply vie
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
