PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move sev
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move nap
sev move rum
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move tyr
vie move bud
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
arm support bla move sev
bla move sev
bot move swe
bud support bul move rum
bul move rum
edi move nth
hol support ruh move bel
ion move gre
kie move den
lon move nth
mid move por
pic move bel
ruh move bel
rum move bla
ser support alb move gre
sev move arm
spa hold
ukr move rum
PHASE 1901 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Turkey: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
sev move mos
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
build Army ber
build Army bre
build Fleet con
build Fleet kie
build Army mar
build Army mun
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move bla
arm support sev
ber move sil
bla support mos move sev
bre move par
bud move gal
con support ank move bla
den move swe
edi move nth
gre hold
hol move nth
ion convoy nap move tun
kie move hel
lon move wal
mar move pie
mos move sev
mun support ber move sil
nap move tun
pic move bur
por move mid
rum support sev
ser move bul
sev support ank move bla
spa move gas
tri support vie move tyr
tyr move ven
ukr support mos move sev
vie move tyr
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
arm move sev
bla move con
bul hold
bur move mar
con move aeg
den move swe
gal move war
gas move bur
gre hold
hel support hol move nth
hol move nth
ion move tys
mid move wes
mos support ukr move sev
pie move tus
rum support arm move sev
sev move bla
sil move war
swe move bal
tri support tyr move ven
tun hold
tyr move ven
ukr move sev
ven move pie
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
build Army bud
build Army vie
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move eas
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
bud move vie
bul move gre
bur move mar
con move aeg
gal support rum move ukr
gre move ion
hel move nth
mar move pie
mos support ukr move sev
mun move kie
nth move lon
par move bur
pie support tus move ven
rum move ukr
sil move war
tri support ven
tun move naf
tus move rom
tys move ion
ukr move sev
ven hold
vie move boh
wes move gol
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support gre move ion
arm move sev
bal move swe
bel hold
ber move pru
bla support arm move sev
boh move mun
bul move gre
bur move ruh
eas support gre move ion
gal move war
gre move ion
kie move mun
lon hold
gol move wes
mar move gas
mos move war
nth support lon
par move bur
pie move tus
rom hold
swe move nwy
tri support ven
tys move wes
ukr support gal move war
ven hold
vie move tyr
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
France: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Germany: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
war move sil
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army mun
remove naf
build Army par
build Army stp
remove tus
remove tys
build Army vie
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support gre
bla move con
boh support tyr move mun
bur move bel
eas move ion
gas move bur
ion convoy gre move tun
gol support rom move tus
mos hold
par move pic
rom move tus
ruh support bur move bel
sev move mos
stp support mos
swe move bal
tri support ven
tus move pie
tyr move mun
tys move wes
ukr support sev move mos
ven hold
vie support boh
war hold
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
Germany: army/dislodged bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg hold
bal move ber
bel hold
boh support mun
bur move mun
con move smy
eas move ion
gre move alb
ion move nap
kie support sil move mun
lon move yor
gol hold
mun hold
nth support lon move yor
nwy move swe
pic move bur
pie move mar
pru move ber
ruh support bur move mun
sev move mos
sil move mun
stp move mos
tri support ven
tus move pie
ukr support sev move mos
ven hold
vie move tyr
war support ukr move mos
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: army/dislodged yor
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove bal
build Army bud
remove ruh
build Army vie
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
France: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move tri
ank move arm
bel move ruh
boh move sil
bud move gal
bur support pie move mar
ion move tun
kie support sil move mun
gol support pie move mar
mar move gas
mos move lvn
mun hold
nap move rom
nth move hol
pie move mar
pru move ber
sil move mun
smy move eas
spa/sc move por
stp move mos
swe move nwy
tri move tyr
tyr move pie
ukr move mos
ven support tyr move pie
vie move boh
war support mos move lvn
yor move lon
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
ber support kie
boh support tyr move mun
bur move par
eas move ion
gal support sil
gas move spa
hol support kie
ion move tun
kie support mun
lon move eng
lvn support ukr move mos
gol move mar
mar move spa
mun hold
nwy move stp
pic move bre
pie move mar
por hold
rom hold
ruh support mun
sil support tyr move mun
stp move mos
tri move ven
tun move wes
tyr move mun
ukr move mos
ven move pie
war move pru
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove ruh
build Army smy
build Army vie
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move pru
boh support tyr move mun
bre support par move gas
eng move iri
gal move war
gas hold
hol move bel
ion move tun
kie support mun
lvn support mos move stp
gol move tus
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun hold
nwy move swe
par move gas
pie move mar
por move mid
pru move ber
rom move tys
sev move mos
sil support pru move ber
smy move arm
stp move nwy
tri move ven
tun move naf
tyr move mun
ven move pie
vie move tyr
wes move mid
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Germany: fleet/dislodged ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Italy: army/dislodged gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move bal
gas move bur
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move sev
bal support kie move ber
ber hold
boh support tyr move mun
bre move par
bur move par
gas move mar
iri move lvp
kie move ber
lvn move stp
mar hold
mos support lvn move stp
mun support kie move ber
naf move mid
nwy move swe
pie support mar
por move mid
sil support ber
spa hold
stp move fin
swe move den
tun move naf
tyr move mun
tys move rom
ven support pie
vie move tyr
war move pru
wes support naf move mid
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun move ruh
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet smy
build Army tri
remove tus
build Army vie
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move swe
ber hold
boh support tyr move mun
bre support gas move par
bud move gal
bur move par
den support bal move swe
fin support stp move nwy
gas move par
kie support ruh
lvp move iri
mid support wes move spa/sc
mar support wes move spa/sc
mos move stp
mun move kie
naf move wes
pie support mar
pru support ber
rom move tys
ruh support kie
sev move mos
sil support ber
smy move eas
spa move por
stp move nwy
tri move ven
tyr move mun
ven move tus
vie move tri
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Turkey: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: army por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move pic
ber hold
boh support mun
bre move gas
bur move gas
den support swe
eas move ion
fin move swe
gal move war
iri move eng
kie support ruh
mid move por
mar move gas
mos move stp
mun hold
nwy support fin move swe
par hold
pie move mar
por hold
pru support ber
ruh support kie
sil support ber
spa/sc support mid move por
stp move fin
swe move nwy
tri move ven
tus support ven move pie
tyr support mun
tys hold
ven move pie
wes move mid
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Turkey: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
Austria: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Germany: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
swe move bal
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
Austria: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove bur
build Fleet con
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
Austria: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
bal support kie move ber
ber hold
boh support mun
con move bul/sc
eng support pic move bre
fin support swe
ion move tun
kie move ber
mid move nat
mar move bur
mun hold
nwy support swe
par support bre move pic
pic move bre
pie move mar
por move spa/nc
pru support ber
ruh support kie
sil support ber
smy move aeg
spa/sc move mid
stp support nwy
swe support nwy
tus move pie
tyr support mun
tys move gol
war move mos
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army/dislodged bre
Germany: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
Turkey: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/nc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bre move gas
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
Turkey: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/nc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
arm move sev
bal move ber
ber hold
boh support mun
bre hold
bur move ruh
den support kie
eng support bre
fin move swe
gas move bre
kie support bal move ber
gol support pie move mar
mid support spa/nc
mar move bur
mun support bur move ruh
nat move lvp
nwy support fin move swe
par support gas move bre
pie move mar
pru support ber
ruh move bel
sil support ber
spa/nc support mid
stp support nwy
swe move den
tri move vie
tun move wes
ven move pie
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Turkey: fleet lvp
Turkey: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
Turkey: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/nc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet con
remove gas
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Austria: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Turkey: fleet lvp
Turkey: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
Turkey: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/nc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support den move kie
bel support kie move hol
ber support mun move kie
bul/sc hold
bur move bel
con move aeg
den move kie
eng support bel
fin move swe
ion move tun
kie move hol
lvp move cly
mid move nat
mar move bur
mun move kie
nwy support fin move swe
par hold
pie move mar
pru support ber
ruh support bur move bel
sev move ukr
sil support pru
smy move eas
spa/nc support wes move mid
stp move fin
swe move den
tyr move mun
wes move mid
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Austria: army bur
Turkey: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Turkey: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
Turkey: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/nc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal support den move kie
bel move ruh
ber support ruh move kie
bul/sc move aeg
bur move ruh
cly support nat move nrg
den move kie
eas hold
eng support bel
fin move swe
hol support den move kie
gol move wes
mid support mar move gas
mar move bur
mun support ruh move kie
nat move nrg
nwy support fin move swe
par hold
pie move mar
pru support ber
ruh move kie
spa/nc support mid
stp support nwy
swe move den
tun move naf
tyr move pie
ukr hold
vie move tyr
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Turkey: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
Turkey: fleet nrg
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
Turkey: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/nc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg hold
bal support den move kie
bel move ruh
ber support ruh move kie
bre move mid
bur move par
cly move edi
den move kie
eas move ion
eng move iri
fin move swe
hol support bel move ruh
ion move tun
mid move nat
mar move bur
mun support ruh move kie
naf move mid
nrg support cly move edi
nwy support fin move swe
par hold
pie move mar
pru support ber
ruh move kie
spa/nc support naf move mid
stp support nwy
swe move den
tyr move pie
ukr move war
vie move tyr
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet edi
England: fleet/dislodged edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Turkey: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Turkey: fleet nrg
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
Turkey: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/nc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Turkey: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Turkey: fleet nrg
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
Turkey: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/nc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support ruh move kie
ber support kie
bre move eng
bur move ruh
den support ruh move kie
fin move swe
hol support ruh move kie
ion move tun
iri move lvp
kie hold
mid move nat
mar move gas
mun support bur move ruh
nat move lvp
nrg move nth
nwy support fin move swe
par move pic
pie move mar
pru support ber
ruh move kie
spa/nc support wes move mid
stp move fin
swe move den
tun move naf
war move lvn
wes move mid
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet edi
Turkey: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Austria: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
Turkey: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Turkey: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Turkey: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/nc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet smy
build Army tri
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet edi
Turkey: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Austria: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
Turkey: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Turkey: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Turkey: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/nc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ber support ruh move kie
edi move cly
fin support swe
gas move bre
lvn move stp
mid support gas move bre
mar move bur
mun support ruh move kie
naf hold
nat move lvp
nth convoy nwy move yor
nwy move yor
pic move bre
ruh move kie
smy move aeg
spa/nc support mid
stp move nwy
swe support fin
tri move ven
tun hold
vie move tri
wes hold
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Austria: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Turkey: fleet lvp
Turkey: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
Turkey: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Turkey: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/nc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
Turkey: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal move kie
ber move kie
bur move par
cly move lvp
den support bal move kie
eng move mid
fin move swe
hol support bal move kie
ion move tys
iri support eng move mid
kie move hol
lvp move wal
mid move nat
mun move ruh
naf move mid
nth support swe move den
nwy support fin move swe
pic move bel
sil move ber
stp move fin
swe move den
tun move naf
tyr move mun
yor move lon
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Austria: army bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: army den
Turkey: supply den
Turkey: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Turkey: army lon
Turkey: supply lon
Turkey: fleet lvp
Turkey: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
Austria: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Turkey: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Turkey: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/nc
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet con
remove iri
remove mid
build Fleet smy
build Army vie
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Austria: army bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: army den
Turkey: supply den
Turkey: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Turkey: army lon
Turkey: supply lon
Turkey: fleet lvp
Turkey: supply lvp
Austria: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Turkey: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Turkey: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/nc
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move bur
ber support mun move kie
bre move pic
con move aeg
den support mun move kie
fin hold
ion move tun
lon hold
lvp hold
mun move kie
naf move mid
nat move nrg
nth support ruh move hol
nwy hold
par move bur
ruh move hol
smy move eas
spa/nc move por
swe hold
tun move naf
tys move gol
wal move eng
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Austria: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: army den
Turkey: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Turkey: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Germany: fleet/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
Turkey: army lon
Turkey: supply lon
Turkey: fleet lvp
Turkey: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
Turkey: fleet nth
Turkey: fleet nrg
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Austria: army pic
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Austria: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: army den
Turkey: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Turkey: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Turkey: army lon
Turkey: supply lon
Turkey: fleet lvp
Turkey: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
Turkey: fleet nth
Turkey: fleet nrg
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Austria: army pic
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bel move ruh
den support swe
eas move aeg
eng convoy lon move bel
fin support nwy
lon move bel
lvp move iri
gol move spa/sc
mid move nat
naf move mid
nth support lon move bel
nrg move edi
nwy support swe
pic support lon move bel
por hold
swe support den
tun move naf
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army bel
Turkey: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Austria: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: army den
Turkey: supply den
Turkey: fleet edi
Turkey: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Turkey: supply lon
Turkey: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Turkey: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Austria: army pic
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove ruh
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army bel
Turkey: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Austria: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: army den
Turkey: supply den
Turkey: fleet edi
Turkey: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Turkey: supply lon
Turkey: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Turkey: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Austria: army pic
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
