PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank hold
ber move kie
bre move eng
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nap move tys
par move bur
rom hold
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven hold
vie move bud
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move con
bot move swe
bud move ser
bul move gre
bur hold
con move bul
eng move lon
hol support ruh move bel
kie move den
nth support nrg move nwy
nrg move nwy
rom support ven
ruh move bel
ser move bul
spa hold
stp move nwy
tys move tun
ukr move sev
ven hold
yor move lon
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
build Fleet bre
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Fleet smy
build Army tri
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb support ser move gre
ank move con
bel move bur
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud support tri move ser
bul move gre
bur move mar
con move bul
den move bel via convoy
eng hold
hol support den move bel
kie move hel
lon move eng
mos move stp
mun support bel move bur
nap move ion
nth convoy den move bel
nwy hold
rom move apu
rum move bla
ser move gre
sev move arm
smy move aeg
spa move por
stp move fin
tri move ser
tun hold
ven hold
war move ukr
yor move wal
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
alb support gre
ank hold
apu move nap
arm move ank
bel support mun move bur
bla support arm move ank
bud move tri
bul move rum
bur move par
con support ank
eng move mid
fin support stp move nwy
gre support ser move bul
hel move hol
hol move bel
ion move eas
kie move den
lon move eng
mid move nat
mar move bur
mun move bur
nth support lon move eng
nwy move ska
por hold
ser move bul
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tun move ion
ukr move rum
ven hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army mun
remove ska
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army vie
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
alb move adr
ank hold
arm move ank
bel move pic
bla support arm move ank
bud move ser
bul move con
bur move gas
con support ank
den support hel move nth
eas support ion move aeg
eng convoy wal move bre
fin move stp
gre support bul
hel move nth
hol move bel
ion move aeg
mid move nat
mar move pie
mun move bur
nat move cly
nap hold
nwy move swe
par move bre
por move spa
stp/nc move nwy
swe move ska
tri support vie move tyr
ukr move gal
ven hold
vie move tyr
wal move bre via convoy
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nth move hol
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
aeg support eas move smy
ank support bul move con
bel support hol move nth
bla support ank
bul move con
bur move mun
cly support nat move lvp
con support smy
eas move smy
eng move mid
gas move bre
gre support ser move bul
hol move kie
nat move lvp
nap hold
nth move ska
nwy move ska
par support gas move bre
pic support bel
pie move mar
ser move bul
ska move swe
smy hold
spa support pie move mar
stp move lvn
swe move nwy
tri move ven
tyr move mun
ven hold
wal move lon
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: fleet cly
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: fleet/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
smy disband
ven move pie
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: fleet cly
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: fleet cly
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move ion
ank move smy
bel move eng
bla move rum
bul support con
bur move mun
cly move nrg
con support ank move smy
den hold
gal move boh
kie move ber
lvn move pru
lvp move cly
mid move por
mar hold
nap move rom
nth move edi
nwy move nth
par move pic
pic move bel
pie move tus
ska support nwy move nth
smy hold
spa move por
tri move alb
tyr move pie
ven support tyr move pie
vie move tyr
war move sil
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
England: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Italy: fleet/dislodged smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
smy move eas
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
England: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support alb move ion
aeg move ion
alb move ion
bel move hol
boh support tyr move mun
bul hold
cly support nrg move edi
con support smy
den move kie
eas support aeg move ion
eng move bel
lon move yor
mid move spa/nc
mar hold
mun support ber
nth move den
nrg move edi
pic move bur
pie support ven
pru move ber
rom move nap
rum move bla
sil support pru move ber
ska support nth move den
spa move por
swe move nwy
tus move rom
tyr move mun
ven hold
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
England: fleet/dislodged ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: fleet cly
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
Germany: fleet/dislodged edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ber move bal
edi move nth
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: fleet cly
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove bre
build Army mos
remove nap
remove spa/nc
build Fleet stp/nc
build Fleet tri
build Army war
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: fleet cly
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move apu
aeg support eas move smy
alb move ion
bal support kie
bel move eng
ber move kie
bla move con
boh move sil
bul move ser
bur move mun
cly move lvp
con move bul
den support ska move nth
eas move smy
edi hold
hol support kie
kie hold
mar move gas
mos move stp
mun support ber move kie
nth support yor move edi
nwy move swe
pie move tus
por move spa
rom hold
sil move ber
ska move nth
stp/nc move bar
tri move adr
ven support adr move apu
war move pru
yor move edi
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Germany: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army/dislodged smy
Italy: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
nth move lon
smy move ank
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move apu
aeg support smy
ank support con move smy
apu move nap
bal support kie move den
bar move nwy
ber move kie
bul move con
bur move mar
con move smy
den support ber move kie
edi hold
eng move iri
gas move mar
gre support bul
hol move kie
ion move aeg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp hold
mun support ber move kie
nth move hel
rom hold
ser move bud
smy support aeg
spa move mar
stp move fin
tus move rom
ven support tus move rom
yor move lon
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Russia: fleet/dislodged den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Italy: fleet/dislodged smy
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
den move ska
smy move syr
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bal
build Army mar
remove syr
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
ank move smy
apu move adr
boh move sil
bud move rum
bur move mun
con move ank
den move kie
edi hold
fin move swe
gas move bre
gre move bul
hel support ska move den
hol support den move kie
ion move tun
iri move mid
kie move hol
lon move yor
lvp hold
mar support spa move gas
mun move boh
nap move ion
nth move hel
nwy move nth
rom move ven
sil move ber
ska move den
smy move eas
spa move gas
swe move nwy
tri move alb
ven move tri
vie move gal
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army/dislodged kie
Germany: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
kie move ruh
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move alb
aeg move con
alb move gre
ank move con
ber support ruh move kie
boh move gal
bre hold
den support ruh move kie
eas move smy
edi hold
fin move stp
gal move ukr
gas move par
gre move bul
hel support den
hol support kie
ion support alb move gre
kie support hol
lvp hold
mid move por
mar move bur
mun support kie
nth move edi
nwy move nrg
pru support sil move war
ruh move kie
rum move sev
sil move war
smy move ank
swe move nwy
tri move vie
tun support ion
ven move tyr
yor move edi
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: fleet por
Germany: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove aeg
build Army bud
remove hel
build Fleet mar
remove nrg
build Army tri
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: fleet por
Germany: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb support tun move ion
ank support bul move con
ber support ruh move kie
bre move pic
bud move rum
bul move con
bur support bre move pic
den support ruh move kie
eas move aeg
edi hold
gal move war
gre support ion move aeg
hol move bel
ion move aeg
lvp move wal
mar move spa/sc
mun support kie
nth move edi
par support bur
pru support war
ruh move kie
sev move mos
smy move con
stp move mos
tri move ser
tun move ion
tyr move boh
ukr support sev move mos
vie move gal
war support stp move mos
yor move edi
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Germany: fleet/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Germany: fleet por
Germany: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
kie move bal
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Germany: fleet por
Germany: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support ion move eas
alb move ion
ank support con move smy
bal support nth move den
bel hold
boh move sil
bur move bel
con move smy
edi hold
gal move war
ion move eas
mos support gal move war
mun move tyr
nth move den
nwy move swe
par move bur
pic support bur move bel
por move spa/sc
pru move war
rum move sev
ser move rum
spa/sc move por
stp support war move mos
ukr support gal move war
vie move gal
wal move lvp
war move mos
yor move lvp
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
Germany: army/dislodged bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Russia: fleet/dislodged den
Russia: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
Russia: fleet/dislodged eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Austria: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Germany: fleet por
Germany: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Russia: army/dislodged smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bel move hol
den move hel
mos move lvn
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Germany: fleet por
Germany: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove hel
remove hol
build Fleet mar
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Germany: fleet por
Germany: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg convoy smy move gre
ank move arm
bal move swe
bel support bur move ruh
ber move mun
bud move tri
bur move ruh
den support bal move swe
edi move cly
gal move boh
gre move ion
ion move tys
kie support ber move mun
lvn move stp
mar move spa/sc
mos support stp
pic move bur
por move spa/sc
pru move war
rum move sev
sev move mos
sil support war move pru
smy move gre via convoy
spa/sc move mid
stp support mos
tri move ven
tyr move ven
ukr support sev move mos
vie move tyr
wal move lvp
war move pru
yor move lvp
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: fleet por
Germany: supply por
Austria: army pru
Russia: army/dislodged pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army/dislodged swe
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: fleet por
Germany: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bel support ruh move hol
boh move mun
bud move tri
bur support mun
cly move edi
den move swe
gre move tun via convoy
ion convoy gre move tun
lvn support mos move stp
mid support mar move spa
mar move spa/sc
mos move stp
por move spa/sc
pru move ber
ruh move hol
sev move mos
sil support pru move ber
swe move nwy
tri move ven
tyr move ven
tys move gol
ukr move war
vie move tyr
wal move lon
yor move lvp
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: army lvp
France: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: fleet por
Germany: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Russia: army/dislodged stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tun
Austria: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: fleet por
Germany: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tun
Austria: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
