PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par hold
rom move apu
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven hold
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
apu move tun via convoy
bot move swe
den move swe
gal support ukr move rum
ion convoy apu move tun
kie move hol
mid move por
nth convoy yor move bel
nrg move nwy
par hold
ruh move bel
ser hold
sev move bla
spa hold
tri move bud
ukr move rum
ven hold
yor move bel via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army bre
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
build Army mar
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Fleet smy
build Army stp
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move bla
bla convoy rum move arm
bot move swe
bre hold
bud support ser
bul hold
con support bul move ank
den support bot move swe
gal move rum
gre support ser move bul
ion move eas
kie move hel
mar move bur
mun move boh
nap move ion
par move pic
por move spa/nc
ruh move bel
rum move arm
ser move bul
smy move aeg
spa move mar
stp move nwy
tri support vie
ven hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move smy
ank support con
arm support eas move smy
bel support hol
bla move con
bre hold
bud move rum
bul support bud move rum
bur support pic move bel
con support aeg move smy
den support hel move nth
eas move smy
gre support bul
hel move nth
hol support bel
ion support gre move aeg
lon move nth
mar hold
nth move ska
nwy support lon move nth
pic move bel
rum move ser
spa/nc hold
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri move ser
tun move nap
ven hold
vie move gal
yor move lon
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
rum move ukr
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove aeg
build Army bud
build Fleet kie
build Fleet nap
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank support con
arm move ank
bel hold
bla support arm move ank
boh support war move gal
bre move par
bud move vie
bul support gre
bur move bel
con support ank
den move ska
gal move ukr
gre support bul
hol move edi via convoy
ion move aeg
kie move hel
lon support ska move nth
mar move pie
nap move ion
nth convoy hol move edi
nwy support swe
pic support bur move bel
rum support gal move ukr
ska move nth
smy support ion move aeg
spa/nc hold
swe support nwy
ukr move sev
vie move tyr
war move gal
yor move edi
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
Germany: army/dislodged bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move ruh
nth move yor
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg support smy move con
ank support con
arm move ank
bel hold
bla support arm move ank
boh move sil
bul support smy move con
con support ank
edi move yor
gal move bud
hel move nth
hol move bel
ion convoy tun move alb
lon support edi move yor
nth move den
nwy move stp
par move bur
pic support bel
pie support ven move tyr
ruh move bur
rum move sev
sev move mos
ska support hel move nth
smy move con
spa/nc hold
swe move nwy
tri move bud
tyr move vie
ukr move mos
ven hold
vie move gal
yor move lon
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
build Army mar
build Fleet nap
remove ruh
build Army war
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support tun move gre
ank move bul via convoy
bel move hol
bla convoy ank move bul
con support ank move bul
den hold
edi support lon move nth
gal move vie
ion convoy tun move gre
lon move nth
nap move apu
nwy move swe
par move bur
pic support bel
pie support ven
sev move rum
stp move mos
tun move gre via convoy
ven hold
war support stp move mos
yor move lon
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Austria: army/dislodged bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Austria: fleet/dislodged gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support ion move gre
apu move adr
bel move hol
bla move ank
bul support sev move rum
bur move ruh
den move kie
edi move nrg
gal move bud
gre move ser
ion move gre
lon move den via convoy
mos move sev
nth convoy lon move den
pic support bel
pie support ven
sev move rum
spa/nc hold
swe move nwy
ven hold
war hold
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet lon
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
build Fleet stp/sc
remove tyr
remove ukr
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
aeg move smy
bel move hol
bud support rum
bul support rum
den move swe
gre move bul/sc
kie hold
lon move nth
mar hold
mos move stp
nap move ion
nth move nwy
nrg support nth move nwy
nwy hold
pic move bur
pie move tyr
rom move ven
ruh support bel move hol
ser support ven move tri
sev move ukr
spa/nc hold
stp/sc move fin
tri support pie move ven
ven move tri
vie move tyr
war move gal
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
Russia: fleet/dislodged nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nwy move bar
tri disband
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
bar move stp/nc
bud support gal move vie
bul support rum
bur move ruh
con support gre move bul
fin move bot
gal move vie
gre move bul/sc
hol hold
kie move ber
mar move bur
nth move den
nrg move bar
nwy support nrg move bar
pie move mar
ruh move mun
rum support bul
ser move bud
spa/nc hold
stp move fin
swe support nwy
tri support ser move bud
ven support tri
vie move boh
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Russia: army/dislodged bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bud move gal
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove boh
build Fleet bre
build Fleet edi
build Fleet lon
build Army lvp
build Army nap
build Army par
build Army rom
remove ukr
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
bar move stp/nc
ber move kie
bot move swe
bre move mid
bud move rum
bul support rum move ser
bur move bel
con move bla
den support swe
edi move nth
fin move nwy
gal move bud
gre move bul/sc
ion convoy nap move alb
lon move wal
lvp move yor
mun move sil
nap move alb via convoy
nwy support bar move stp
par move bur
rom move apu
ruh move mun
rum move ser
smy move con
stp/nc support fin move nwy
swe support nwy
tri move vie
ven move tyr
vie support gal move bud
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr support tri
alb move ser
ank move con
bar support nwy
bla move bul/ec
bot move swe
bud support vie
bul support ser
den move kie
fin move nwy
gre support bla move bul
hol support mun move kie
ion support alb
kie move bal
mun move kie
nth convoy yor move den
nwy support swe
rum support bla move bul
ser support bud
sil move ber
smy move con
stp/nc support fin move nwy
swe support nwy
tri support alb move ser
tyr move vie
vie support bud
wal move lon
yor move den via convoy
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
remove nth
build Army par
build Army sev
build Army ven
remove yor
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
apu move gre via convoy
bal move bot
bar move stp/nc
bel support hol
ber support kie
bot move swe
bre move eng
bud support vie
bul/ec move rum
bur move mun
den move nth
fin move nwy
gre move aeg
hol support bel
ion convoy apu move gre
kie support ber
lon move wal
mid support bre move eng
mar support bur
nwy support bar move stp
par move bur
rum move bud
ser support rum move bud
sev move rum
smy move con
spa/nc hold
stp/nc move bar
swe move fin
tri move vie
tyr support tri move vie
ven move tri
vie support bud
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Russia: army/dislodged bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Russia: army/dislodged vie
Russia: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bud move gal
vie move boh
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg convoy gre move smy
ank move con
bal move swe
bar support nwy move stp
bel move lon via convoy
ber hold
boh move vie
bot move bal
bud move gal
bul/ec support smy move con
bur move bel
eng support mid move iri
fin move nwy
gal support sev move rum
gre move smy via convoy
hol hold
ion move tys
kie support hol
mid move iri
mar hold
mun support ber
nth move den
nwy move stp/nc
ser move rum
sev move rum
smy move con
spa/nc move mid
stp/nc support fin move nwy
swe move nwy
tri move bud
tyr move boh
vie support bud move gal
wal move lon
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove boh
remove fin
build Fleet lvp
build Army rom
build Army ven
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank move con
bal convoy swe move lvn
bar move nrg
bel hold
ber support kie
bot move swe
bud support vie move gal
bul/ec support ser move rum
bur move mar
con support smy move ank
den hold
eng hold
gal support sev move rum
hol support kie
ion move adr
iri hold
kie move den
lon hold
lvp hold
mid move nat
mar move spa
mun hold
rom move ven
ser move rum
sev move rum
smy move ank
stp/nc hold
swe move lvn via convoy
tri move vie
tyr move boh
ven move tyr
vie move gal
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army ank
Russia: fleet/dislodged ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/ec
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gal move ukr
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/ec
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
bal move swe
ber support mun
boh move sil
bud support rum
bul/ec move bla
con move ank
den support bal move swe
eng convoy bel move wal
gal move ukr
hol support kie
iri move lvp
kie support mun
lvn move mos
mar hold
mun hold
nat support iri move lvp
nrg move nat
rum support gal move ukr
spa hold
stp/nc move nwy
swe move nwy
tyr hold
ukr move war
ven support tyr
vie move gal
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
swe move fin
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
remove fin
build Army rom
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bel hold
ber support mun
bla support arm move sev
bud move vie
den move nth
edi move cly
eng hold
gal move war
hol hold
ion move tys
iri move lvp
kie support mun
lon move wal
lvp support nrg move nat
mar hold
mos hold
mun hold
nat support iri move lvp
nrg move nat
rom support ven
rum support arm move sev
sev move rum
sil support gal move war
spa hold
stp/nc hold
swe move den
tyr hold
tys move gol
ukr support gal move war
ven support tyr
war move mos
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Italy: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
war move lvn
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Italy: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel support hol
ber support mun
bla support rum move sev
cly support nrg move nat
den hold
eng hold
hol support bel
iri move mid
kie support mun
lvn move mos
lvp move iri
gol hold
mar support spa
mos move stp
mun hold
nat hold
nth move lon
nrg move nat
rom move tus
rum move sev
sev move mos
sil support war
spa support mar
stp/nc move nwy
tys support gol
ukr support sev move mos
ven support tyr
vie move boh
wal support lvp move iri
war support sev move mos
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: fleet/dislodged nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Italy: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nat disband
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
remove cly
remove lvn
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
boh support tyr
bre support eng move mid
den hold
eng move mid
iri support nat move mid
lon move eng
gol support ven move pie
mid move por
nat move mid
nwy move nth
rom move apu
sev move rum
sil hold
ukr move gal
ven move pie
wal support lon move eng
war move lvn
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet/dislodged eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Italy: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
eng move pic
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Italy: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
bel hold
ber support mun
boh support tyr move mun
bre hold
den hold
eng move bel
hol hold
iri move eng
kie support mun
lvn move stp
gol support pie move mar
mar hold
mos support lvn move stp
mun hold
nat move mid
nth support eng move bel
pic hold
pie move mar
por hold
sil support tyr move mun
spa support mar
stp hold
tyr move mun
tys move wes
wal support iri move eng
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army/dislodged bel
England: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Italy: army stp
England: army/dislodged stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move ruh
stp move fin
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Italy: army stp
Italy: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
