PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
kie move den
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun hold
nap move tys
par move pic
rom move apu
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move adr
ven move pie
vie move tyr
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tyr move ven
bla support bul move rum
bot move swe
bul move rum
con move bul
den hold
gal support rum
kie move hol
mid move por
mun move boh
pic move bel
rum hold
spa move mar
tyr move ven
ukr move sev
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army kie
build Army mun
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/sc
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
apu move nap
boh support mun move tyr
bre move eng
bul move gre
con move bul
den move nth
gal move war
hol hold
kie move mun
mar move bur
mun move tyr
par move pic
pie move ven
por move spa/sc
rum hold
ser move gre
sev support rum
smy move aeg
stp/sc move bot
swe move nwy
ven move tyr
vie support ven move tyr
war move pru
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul move gre
bel hold
bot move bal
bul move gre
bur support bel
con move bul
eng convoy pic move wal
ion move tun
nwy move ska
pie move ven
rum move sev
war move sil
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army con
build Fleet mar
build Army tri
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal move den
bel hold
boh move sil
bud move rum
bul move ser
con move bul
eng convoy pic move wal
gre support bul move ser
hol move ruh
kie support nth move den
mar move gol
mun move ber
nth move den
pie move ven
pru move ber
ser support bud move rum
ska move den
spa/sc move wes
tri support ser
tun move tys
ven move rom
vie move boh
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support pru
bel move hol
boh move gal
bud move ser
bul move ser
bur move ruh
con move bul
den move swe
eng convoy pic move wal
gre support bul move ser
ion move tun
kie move den
gol move wes
mun move ber
nap move rom
pic move wal via convoy
pru move ber
rom support tri move ven
ruh move mun
ser move alb
sil support pru
tri move ven
tys move tun
ven move rom
wes move naf
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove alb
build Army con
build Army mar
remove ska
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support pru move ber
bla support bul move rum
bud support vie move gal
bul move rum
bur move bel
con move bul
den move kie
eng support wal move lon
gal move ukr
gre support ser
ion move adr
mun move ber
naf move tun
pru move ber
rom move nap
ruh move mun
rum hold
ser support bul move rum
sev support rum
sil move war
swe move fin
tri move ven
tys support rom move nap
vie move gal
wal move lon
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
England: fleet/dislodged lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Italy: army/dislodged nap
Italy: supply nap
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Italy: supply nap
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move tri
bel move ruh
bla move sev
bud support gal move rum
bul support rum
eng move lon
fin move stp/sc
gal move rum
gre support ser
hol support bel move ruh
kie support mun move ber
lon move yor
mar move bur
mun move ber
ruh move bur
rum support bla move sev
ser support adr move tri
tri move ser
tun support wes move tys
tys move gol
ukr move mos
ven move rom
wes move tys
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Russia: army/dislodged ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Italy: supply nap
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Germany: army/dislodged ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Turkey: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
ruh move mun
tri move alb
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
remove alb
build Fleet bre
build Army con
remove nap
build Army par
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
ber support kie
bla support bul move rum
bre move eng
bul move rum
con move bul
gal support bud
hol support ruh
kie support mun move ruh
lon move nth
mar move spa
mos hold
mun move ruh
par move bur
ruh support par move bur
rum move bud
ser support rum move bud
smy move aeg
stp/sc move bot
tri move ven
tys move nap
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ber move pru
bla move sev
bot move bal
bud support gal move rum
bul move ser
bur move mun
con move bul
eng move nth
gal move rum
gre hold
hol move kie
kie support mun
gol move mar
mos support bla move sev
mun support kie
nth move den
ruh support bur move mun
rum move bud
ser move tri
spa move mar
tun move tys
ven support ser move tri
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Turkey: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Turkey: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Turkey: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
mun move sil
rum move ukr
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army con
build Fleet mar
build Army par
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
bal move den
bud move vie
bul support ukr move rum
con hold
edi move nth
gre hold
ion move tun
kie move ruh
lvp move yor
gol move wes
mos move war
pru support mos move war
rum move gal
ser move bud
sev support ukr move rum
sil move mun
tri support ser move bud
ukr move rum
ven hold
war hold
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
bal convoy pru move swe
bre move eng
bud support tri move vie
bul move rum
con move bul
den move swe
edi move nth
gal move ukr
gre hold
hol move kie
kie support sil move mun
lvp move yor via convoy
mar move gol
mun move ber
nap support tys move rom
nth support yor move edi
par move bur
pru move swe via convoy
ruh support hol move kie
rum move ukr
sev hold
sil move mun
tri move vie
tun hold
tys move rom
ven hold
war hold
yor move edi
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: army edi
England: fleet/dislodged edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army/dislodged rom
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
vie move boh
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove boh
build Fleet bre
remove gal
build Fleet mar
build Fleet smy
remove wes
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move con
ber hold
bre move eng
bud move gal
bul move ser
bur move mun
con move bul
den move bal
edi hold
eng move lon
kie support ber
gol move wes
mar move gol
nap move ion
nth move nwy
rom move tys
ruh support bur move mun
rum move ukr
smy move aeg
spa move mar
ven move adr
vie move tri
yor move hol via convoy
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
bal support pru move ber
ber hold
den move swe
edi move lvp
eng move iri
ion move tun
kie support ber
gol move tys
mun move tyr
nwy support den move swe
pru move ber
ruh move mun
tys move nap
ukr move mos
war move lvn
wes support ion move tun
yor move edi
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
England: army edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
France: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Turkey: fleet/dislodged tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
