PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move ven
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move pie
vie move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move bla
bot move swe
bud move vie
bul move rum
bur move bel
con move bul
edi move nwy via convoy
gal support ukr move rum
hol support bur move bel
ion move tun
kie move den
mid move por
nth support bur move bel
nrg convoy edi move nwy
pie support bur move mar
ruh move mun
ser support alb move gre
sev move bla
spa move mar
ukr move rum
ven move tyr
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
build Army mos
build Army par
build Fleet rom
build Fleet smy
build Army stp
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
bel support ber
ber move mun
bre move mid
bud support vie move gal
bul support ser move rum
con move smy
gal support rum
gre move bul/sc
hol move hel
kie move hol
lon move nth
mar move pie
mos move stp
mun move kie
nth move ska
nrg support nwy
nwy hold
par move bur
pie move mar
por move spa/sc
rom move tys
rum hold
ser support gre move bul
sev move bla
smy move aeg
stp move fin
swe hold
tri move adr
tun move wes
tyr move mun
vie move gal
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bul move con
gal move war
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg convoy smy move bul
ank move bla
bel hold
ber support kie move mun
bud support gal move rum
bul/sc hold
bur move mar
con support smy move bul
den support nwy move swe
fin support stp move nwy
gal move rum
hel support den
hol support hel
kie move mun
mid move wes
mar move gas
nth support nrg move nwy
nrg move nwy
nwy move swe
pie move mar
rum hold
ser support gal move rum
sev move bla
ska support nwy move swe
smy move bul via convoy
spa/sc support mid move wes
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tyr move mun
tys move gol
war move gal
wes move mid
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: fleet/dislodged bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
Italy: fleet/dislodged wes
ORDERS
bul move gre
rum move ukr
swe move bal
wes move tys
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bal
build Fleet edi
build Fleet mar
remove stp
build Army vie
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support bul
ank move bla
bel support bur move ruh
ber move pru
bud support vie move gal
bul support con
bur move ruh
con support bul
edi move nrg
fin move nwy
gal support ukr move rum
gas move bur
gre support rum move bul
hel support den
hol hold
ion move eas
gol move mar
mar support spa/sc move gol
mun move tyr
nth move nwy
nrg move bar
pie support gol move mar
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
ska support swe
spa/sc move gol
tyr move mun
tys move tun
ukr move rum
vie move gal
wes move tys
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mar
France: fleet/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gal move war
mar move spa/sc
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bar move stp/nc
bel move hol
bla support bul
bud support rum
bul support aeg move gre
bur move mun
con support bul
den move kie
eas move aeg
fin move stp
gal move ukr
gre support eas move aeg
hel support hol
hol support nth move bel
ion move aeg
gol support spa/sc move mar
mar hold
mun move kie
nth support bel move hol
nrg move nwy
pie support mar
pru move war
ruh support bur move mun
rum support gal move ukr
ser support gre
sev move rum
ska move den
spa/sc move mar
swe support ska move den
tun move tys
tyr move ven
tys move nap
ukr move gal
war support ukr move gal
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet/dislodged aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
mun move tyr
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Army par
remove pru
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
bar move stp/nc
bel move hol
bla support sev move rum
bud support gal move rum
bul support sev move rum
con support bul
den move bal
edi move den via convoy
fin move stp
gal move rum
gre support rum move bul
hel support hol move nth
hol move nth
gol support spa/sc move mar
mar support tys move gol
mun move ber
nap move tys
nth convoy edi move den
nwy support bar move stp
par move bur
pie support mar
ruh support bel move hol
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sev support ukr move rum
smy move aeg
spa/sc move mar
swe support edi move den
tyr move mun
tys move gol
ukr move rum
ven move rom
war move gal
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nth move lon
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move eas
bal support swe move den
ber support ruh move mun
bla support con move bul
bud support gal move rum
bul support gal move rum
bur support spa/sc move mar
con move bul
gal move rum
gre move aeg
hel support nth move hol
hol move kie
lon move nth
gol support spa/sc move mar
mar support tys move gol
mun move ruh
nap move tys
nth move hol
nwy support lon move nth
pie support mar
rom move nap
ruh move mun
ser support bul
sev support ukr move rum
smy move aeg
spa/sc move mar
swe move den
tys move gol
ukr move rum
war move gal
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mun move ruh
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
remove hel
build Army lon
build Army par
remove ukr
build Army vie
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bal move bot
ber move mun
bla support sev move rum
bre move mid
bud move rum
bul support bud move rum
bur support gol move mar
con support smy
den move swe
eas support gre move aeg
edi hold
fin move swe
gal support bud move rum
gre move aeg
hol move bel
kie move hol
lon move bel via convoy
gol move mar
mar support tys move gol
mun move tyr
nap hold
nth convoy lon move bel
nwy support den move swe
par move pic
pie support mar
rom move nap
ser support bul
sev support bla move rum
smy support con
spa/sc support gol move mar
stp/nc hold
tys move gol
vie move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move smy
bla support sev move rum
bud move vie
bul move con
bur support pic move bel
con support smy
eas move smy
edi move nwy via convoy
fin move nwy
gal support rum
hol move bel
kie move hol
gol move wes
mid move wes
mar support spa/sc move gol
mun move tyr
nap move rom
nth convoy edi move nwy
nwy move nrg
pic move bel
pie move ven
rom move nap
rum support bul
ser move tri
sev move rum
smy support con
spa/sc move gol
swe support edi move nwy
tyr move pie
war move gal
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet/dislodged gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Turkey: fleet/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gol move tys
rum move ukr
smy move syr
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: fleet syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army par
build Army sev
remove syr
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
bel move hol
bla support rum move bul
bot convoy swe move lvn
bul support aeg
bur move mun
con support rum move bul
gal move war
hol move hel
kie support bel move hol
lon move nwy via convoy
gol move wes
mid move naf
mar move gol
nap move tys
nth convoy lon move nwy
nrg support lon move nwy
nwy move stp
par move pic
pie support tyr move ven
rom support tys move nap
rum move bul/ec
sev move mos
smy support aeg move con
stp/nc move bar
swe move lvn via convoy
tri support ven
tyr move ven
tys move nap
ukr move sev
ven hold
vie move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army/dislodged bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: army/dislodged con
Austria: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
France: fleet/dislodged nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bul move gre
con move ank
nap move apu
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Austria: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank support bla move con
apu support pie move ven
bla move con
bot move swe
bud move rum
con support gre move bul
gal move vie
gre move bul
hel move den
hol support kie
kie support hol
lvn support stp move mos
gol move tus
naf move tun
nap hold
nth move den
nrg move nat
nwy support bot move swe
pic move bel
pie move ven
rom support ven
sev support bud move rum
smy support con
stp move mos
tri support ven
tyr support pie move ven
ven support tri move tyr
wes move tys
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Austria: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bla
build Army bre
build Army bud
remove bul/ec
remove hel
build Army lon
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move smy
apu support pie move ven
bar support nwy move stp
bre move gas
bud move gal
con hold
fin move stp
gre move bul
kie move ber
lon move nwy via convoy
lvn move war
mos support lvn move war
mun support tyr
nat move mid
nap support rom
nth convoy lon move nwy
nwy move stp
pie move ven
rom support nap
rum move sev
sev move arm
smy move aeg
swe support lon move nwy
tri support ven
tun move ion
tus move rom
tyr support pie move ven
tys move nap
ven support rom
vie move boh
war move mos
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
war disband
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support con move smy
apu support ion move nap
arm move ank
bar move nwy
bel move ruh
ber move sil
boh support tri move tyr
bul hold
con move smy
gal move vie
gas move mar
hol move kie
ion move nap
mid move wes
mun support ber move sil
nth move eng
nwy move stp
sev hold
smy move ank
stp move lvn
swe move swe
tri move tyr
tus move rom
tyr move tri
tys support tus move rom
ven support tyr move tri
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Austria: army arm
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: army/dislodged smy
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
smy move ank
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Austria: army arm
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
France: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
remove fin
build Army lon
build Army par
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Austria: army arm
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
France: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank hold
apu move adr
arm move ank
boh move gal
bre hold
bud move rum
bul move con
eng move mid
kie move ber
lvn move war
mar move pie
mos support war move ukr
mun support sil move boh
nap move apu
nwy move nth
par move pic
rom move nap
ruh move bel
sev move ukr
sil move boh
smy hold
stp move lvn
swe move nwy
tri hold
tyr support sil move boh
tys move ion
ven support tyr
vie support tri
war move ukr
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Austria: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
aeg move gre
ank move smy
apu support nap move ion
arm move ank
bel move hol
ber move sil
boh support tyr move vie
bre move mid
con support arm move ank
gal move ukr
lon move nwy via convoy
lvn move war
mid move wes
mos support ukr
mun support boh
nap move ion
nth convoy lon move nwy
nwy move nrg
pic move bel
pie move ven
rum support sev
sev support gal move ukr
tri support vie
tyr move vie
tys support wes move tun
ukr support war move gal
ven move tri
vie support tri
war move gal
wes move tys
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Austria: army/dislodged gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
France: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
tri move ser
vie move bud
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
France: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
France: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet mar
build Army par
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
France: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
France: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri move alb
ank move arm
apu move ion
boh support vie
bud support ser
con move bul
gal move rum
gre move aeg
ion move eas
mid move naf
mar move gol
mos move sev
mun move tyr
nrg move nat
nwy move stp
par move bur
rum support sev
ser support bud
sev support rum
sil move mun
smy move eas
tri move alb
tys move nap
ukr support mos move sev
ven move tri
vie support ven move tri
war move gal
wes move tys
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Austria: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Austria: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
England: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
adr support alb
aeg support bul move gre
alb support vie move bud
apu move ion
arm move sev
bud support ser
bul move gre
bur move mar
gal move rum
ion move gre
gol move tus
mun move tyr
naf move wes
nat move mid
rum support bud
ser support bud
sev support gal move rum
smy move eas
stp move mos
tri support vie move bud
tyr move vie
tys move ion
ukr support gal move rum
vie move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Austria: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Austria: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
England: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Austria: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Austria: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
England: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Army lon
build Army par
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Austria: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Austria: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
England: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri
alb move ser
apu support ion
boh move vie
bre move mid
edi move den via convoy
gal support ukr move rum
ion move gre
mid move por
mar move pie
mos move ukr
mun move sil
nap support ion
nth convoy edi move den
par move pic
rum move bul
tri support alb move ser
tus move rom
tyr move ven
tys move tun
ukr move rum
vie move bud
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Austria: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
England: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
England: fleet por
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
France: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
France: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
England: fleet tun
France: supply tun
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: supply war
ORDERS
adr move alb
apu move adr
bel move hol
bul move con
den move kie
gal move war
hol move kie
ion move gre
lon move den via convoy
nap move ion
nth convoy lon move den
pic move bel
pie move ven
rom move nap
rum move bul
ser support ion move gre
spa/sc move mar
tri support vie move bud
tun move tys
ukr move rum
ven move tyr
vie move bud
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
France: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
England: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: fleet por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
France: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
France: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
England: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
England: army bul
England: supply bul
England: army con
England: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
France: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
England: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Fleet edi
build Army lvp
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
England: army bul
England: supply bul
England: army con
England: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
France: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
England: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
adr move alb
alb move gre
bel move ruh
boh move gal
bre move eng
bud move rum
bul move ser
con move bul
den move kie
edi move nth
gre move aeg
hol move kie
ion move tys
lvp move yor
mid move por
mar move spa/sc
nap support ion move tys
nth move hel
pic move bur
por support mar move spa
rum support bul move ser
ser support bud move rum
sev support rum
sil support boh move gal
tri move bud
tyr support ven move pie
tys move tun
ven move pie
war move sil
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
England: army bul
England: supply bul
France: army bur
England: army con
England: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
England: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
England: army rum
England: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
France: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
England: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: supply ven
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support ser move bul
alb move ion
bud move rum
bul move ser
bur move gas
con move ank
den move kie
eng move wal
gal support sil move war
hel support den move kie
hol support ruh move kie
mid move iri
nth move hol
pie move mar
ruh move kie
rum support bul move ser
ser move bul
sev support rum
sil move war
tri move ser
tyr move boh
war move gal
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
England: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
France: army bul
England: army/dislodged bul
England: supply bul
England: supply con
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: army gal
France: army gas
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
England: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
England: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
England: army rum
England: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: supply tri
England: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
France: supply ven
France: supply vie
France: fleet wal
France: army war
England: army/dislodged war
England: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bul move con
war move pru
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
England: army ank
England: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
France: army bul
France: supply bul
England: army con
England: supply con
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: army gal
France: army gas
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
England: army rum
England: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
France: fleet tys
France: supply ven
France: supply vie
France: fleet wal
France: army war
France: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
build Fleet lvp
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
England: army ank
England: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
France: army bul
France: supply bul
England: army con
England: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: army gal
France: army gas
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
England: army rum
England: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
France: fleet tys
France: supply ven
France: supply vie
France: fleet wal
France: army war
France: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move eas
ank move smy
boh move mun
bud support ser move rum
bul move con
edi move cly
gal support ser move rum
gas support mar move spa
gre move aeg
hel move hol
hol move kie
ion move tun
iri move lvp
kie support hel move hol
lon support yor move wal
lvp move iri
mar move spa
nap move rom
nth move eng
por move mid
pru move ber
ruh support hol move kie
rum move bul
ser move rum
sev move rum
tys support ion move tun
wal support iri move lvp
war move pru
yor move wal
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
England: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: supply bel
England: army ber
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
France: army bul
France: supply bul
England: fleet cly
England: army con
England: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gal
France: army gas
France: supply gre
England: fleet hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
England: army/dislodged kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: supply por
France: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
France: army rum
England: army/dislodged rum
England: supply rum
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
England: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
England: supply spa
England: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
England: fleet/dislodged tun
England: supply tun
France: fleet tys
France: supply ven
France: supply vie
England: army wal
France: supply war
ORDERS
kie move den
rum move ukr
spa/sc move por
tun move ion
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
England: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: supply bel
England: army ber
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
France: army bul
France: supply bul
England: fleet cly
England: army con
England: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gal
France: army gas
France: supply gre
England: fleet hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
France: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
France: army rum
England: supply rum
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
England: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
England: supply tun
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: supply vie
England: army wal
France: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul move con
ber move pru
bud support rum
bul move con
cly move nat
con support smy
den move kie
eas move smy
eng move bre
gal move war
gas support spa
hol support den move kie
kie move hol
lvp move iri
mid support eng move mid
mun support pru move ber
pru move ber
rom move tys
ruh support kie move hol
sev move rum
smy support con
spa hold
tys move gol
ukr move war
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
England: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: supply bel
France: army ber
England: army/dislodged ber
France: supply ber
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
France: supply bul
France: army con
England: army/dislodged con
England: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: army gal
France: army gas
France: supply gre
France: army hol
England: fleet/dislodged hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
France: army rum
England: supply rum
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
England: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
England: supply tun
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: supply vie
England: army wal
France: supply war
ORDERS
ber move sil
con move ank
hol move bel
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
England: army ank
England: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
France: supply bul
France: army con
France: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: army gal
France: army gas
France: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
France: army rum
France: supply rum
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
England: army sil
England: army smy
England: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: supply vie
England: army wal
France: supply war
ORDERS
