PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move apu
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
vie move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank hold
apu hold
bot move swe
bud move vie
bul support ukr move rum
con support bul
gal move sil
ion move tun
kie move hol
mid move por
mar move spa
nth convoy yor move bel
nrg move nwy
pic move bel
ruh support yor move bel
ser support alb move gre
sev support ukr move rum
ukr move rum
ven move tyr
yor move bel via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
build Fleet lvp
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/sc
build Army tri
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
apu move ven
bel support ruh move bur
ber move mun
bre hold
bud move tri
con move smy
den move bal
gre support ser move bul
hol move ruh
kie move ber
lvp move iri
nap move ion
nth support bel
nwy move ska
par move bur
pic support par move bur
por move mid
ruh move bur
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev move bla
sil support tyr move mun
smy move eas
spa move mar
stp/sc move bot
swe support nwy move ska
tri move tyr
tun move tys
tyr move mun
vie move boh
war move pru
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bal move pru
bel move hol
ber hold
bla convoy rum move ank
boh support sil move mun
bot move bal
bre move mid
bul support gre
gre hold
hol support ruh move bel
ion move aeg
iri move mid
kie support ber
mid move nat
mar hold
mun hold
nth support bel move hol
par move bre
pic support ruh move bel
pru move ber
ruh move bel
rum move ank via convoy
sil support pru move ber
ska move den
swe support ska move den
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
tys move nap
ven hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
Germany: army/dislodged hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
hol move ruh
ven move tus
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army lvp
build Army sev
remove smy
build Army vie
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move smy
bla convoy sev move ank
boh support vie move tyr
bot move bal
bre move mid
bud move ser
bul move con
con move aeg
den support hol move kie
eas support con move aeg
gre move ion
hol move kie
iri move mid
lon move eng
mar move gas
nat move nrg
nth support lon move eng
par move bur
pic move bel
pru move ber
sev move ank via convoy
sil support pru move ber
swe move nwy
tri move ven
ven move apu
vie move tyr
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet/dislodged aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
Germany: fleet/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank support smy
apu move nap
bal move swe
bel move hol
ber support den move kie
bla support ser move bul
boh move tyr
bre move eng
bur move bel
con support ser move bul
den move kie
eng support iri move mid
gas move spa
ion support apu move nap
iri move mid
kie move mun
lvp move edi
nth support nwy move nrg
nrg move nth
nwy move nrg
ser move bul
sil support kie move mun
smy hold
tyr move ven
ven move rom
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: fleet/dislodged bul/sc
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
Italy: army/dislodged mun
Italy: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Italy: fleet/dislodged nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
France: fleet/dislodged nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bul/sc disband
mun disband
nap disband
nrg move nat
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove aeg
build Army bud
remove eas
build Army lon
build Army mar
build Army par
remove ruh
build Fleet sev
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank support bla move con
bel support hol move ruh
ber move sil
bla move con
bud support vie move gal
bul move ser
con move bul
edi move lvp
eng support lon move bel
hol move ruh
ion convoy nap move tun
kie move hol
lon move bel via convoy
mid move bre
mar move bur
mun move bur
nat move lvp
nap move tun via convoy
nth convoy lon move bel
par move gas
rom move ven
sev move bla
sil move war
smy support bla move con
spa move por
swe move nwy
tri move alb
tyr move boh
ven move tri
vie move gal
war move ukr
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
France: army/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move pic
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank support smy move con
bel move ruh
bla support ukr move rum
boh support ruh move mun
bud support ser move rum
bul hold
con move aeg
edi move lvp
eng move bel
gal move sil
gas support bre
hol move kie
ion move aeg
mid move wes
mar move spa
mun move kie
nat move lvp
nth support eng move bel
nrg move cly
nwy move nrg
pic move bur
por move spa
ruh move mun
ser move rum
sil move boh
smy move con
tri move vie
tun hold
tus move rom
ukr move rum
ven move tyr
war move gal
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove gas
build Army lon
build Fleet lvp
remove nat
build Army sev
remove vie
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move con
bel support mun move ruh
bla support ank move con
boh move sil
bud support gal move rum
bul support gal move rum
bur move bel
cly move lvp
con move smy
edi move hol via convoy
eng convoy lon move pic
gal move rum
gre move aeg
hol move kie
ion convoy tun move alb
lon move pic via convoy
lvp move iri
mar move spa
mun move ruh
nth convoy edi move hol
nrg move nat
por move spa
rom move ven
ruh move mun
ser support gal move rum
sev move rum
sil support war move gal
smy move syr
tun move alb via convoy
tyr support ruh move mun
ukr support sev move rum
war move gal
wes move tys
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
England: army/dislodged mun
England: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mun move ber
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
England: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg convoy alb move con
alb move con via convoy
bel move bur
ber move mun
bla support gal move rum
boh move vie
bud move vie
bul support alb move con
bur move par
con move bul
eng support pic move bre
gal move rum
hol move ruh
ion convoy alb move con
iri move mid
lvp move iri
mar move gas
nat support iri move mid
pic move bre
por hold
rum move gal
sev support gal move rum
sil support ber move mun
smy move aeg
tyr support mun
tys move nap
ukr support gal move rum
ven move tri
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: army con
Russia: army/dislodged con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
England: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
England: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
