PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bud move rum
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move hol
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move sev
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move ven
sev move bla
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
tri move ven
ven move tyr
vie move gal
war hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move bla
arm move sev
bot move swe
bre move eng
bul move gre
eng move bel
gal move vie
hol support ruh move bel
ion move tun
kie move den
mos move lvn
nth move nwy
pic move bel
rom move ven
ruh move bel
rum move ser
sev move bla
tri move ven
tyr support rom move ven
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army bud
build Fleet con
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army stp
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move bla
arm move sev
ber move mun
bud support ser move rum
con support ank move bla
den move swe
eng support bel move pic
gre move bul
hol support bel
kie move bal
lon move nth
lvn move pru
mar move gol
mun move bur
nap move apu
ser move rum
spa move por
stp move fin via convoy
tun move wes
tyr support ven move tri
ukr move war
ven move tri
vie support tri
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
apu move adr
arm move sev
bal move ber
bel move pic
bla support arm move sev
bud support vie move tri
bul hold
bur support bel move pic
con move aeg
den support nwy move swe
eng move nth
fin support swe
gol move wes
nth move hel
nwy move stp/nc
pic hold
pru move ber
rum hold
swe move nwy
tri move adr
tyr move tri
ven support tyr move tri
vie move tri
war support pru move sil
wes move gol
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: army/dislodged pic
France: army por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
pic move par
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet con
build Army mar
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move gre
ank move con
apu move adr
bal move ber
bla support bul move rum
bre move eng
bud move tri
bul move rum
bur move par
con move aeg
den move swe
fin move stp
hel support nth move hol
hol move bel
gol move tys
mar support par move bur
nth move hol
nwy support fin move swe
par move bur
pic support bur move par
por move spa
pru move war
rum move gal
sev support bul move rum
tri move adr
tyr support ven move tri
ven move tri
vie support bud move tri
war move mos
wes move mid
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move gre
apu move adr
bel move nth
ber move kie
bla support rum
bud move ser
bur support pic move par
con move bul
eng move bre
fin support nwy
gal move rum
gre move alb
hel move den
mid move spa/nc
mar move bur
mun support bur
nwy move swe
par support mar move bur
pic move par
rum support sev
sev support rum
tri move alb
tyr move ven
ven move rom
vie move bud
war move lvn
yor move lon
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bur
build Army con
build Fleet edi
remove lvn
build Fleet lvp
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg move gre
bla convoy con move rum
bre move eng
bud support ser
bul support rum move ser
con move rum via convoy
den move kie
edi move nth
fin move stp via convoy
gal move war
gre move alb
hol move bel
kie support nth move hol
lvp move iri
mid move spa/nc
mar move bur
mos support stp/nc move lvn
mun move ruh
nth move hol
nwy hold
par move pic
pic move bel
rom hold
rum move ser
ser support tri
sev support con move rum
spa move por
stp/nc move nwy
swe move den
tys move tun
ven move pie
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb support ven move tri
bla convoy con move rum
bud support ser move rum
bul support rum move ser
bur move bel
con move rum via convoy
den support hol move kie
edi move nth
eng support bur move bel
gre move aeg
hol move kie
iri move mid
nth move bel
par move pic
pic move bre
pie move mar
por move spa
rom move ven
ruh move mun
rum move ser
ser move rum
sev support con move rum
swe move nwy
tri move ven
ven move tri
war support mos
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
Germany: fleet/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Austria: fleet/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
kie move ber
tri move adr
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
remove bel
remove bre
remove eng
build Fleet lvp
build Fleet nap
remove pic
remove por
build Fleet rom
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ser move tri
aeg convoy con move gre
alb support tri move adr
ber move kie
bla move sev
bud support ser move tri
bul support rum move ser
con move gre via convoy
den support edi move nth
edi move nth
eng move bre
kie move hol
lvp move wal
mid move bre
mar move bur
mun support ber move kie
nap move ion
nth support swe move den
pic move bel
rom move tys
rum move ser
ser move tri
sev move rum
spa/nc support mid move por
swe move den
tri hold
ven support tri
war move gal
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg support gre
alb move tri
bel move ruh
bud hold
bul support rum
bur move par
den move kie
edi move nth
gal support bud
gre support ser
hol support den move kie
ion support tys move tun
mid move bre
mun support kie
nth support swe move nwy
rum move bud
ser support rum move bud
sev move rum
swe move nwy
tri support adr move ven
tys move tun
ven hold
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
France: fleet/dislodged tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
tun disband
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove eng
build Fleet nap
remove por
build Fleet rom
remove ruh
build Army smy
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr move alb
aeg move eas
alb move adr
ber support kie
bre support wal move eng
bud support tri move ser
bul move rum
den support edi move nth
edi move nth
gal support bud
gre support ser
hol move kie
ion support alb move adr
kie support nth move den
mun move ruh
nap hold
nth move den
nwy move swe
par move bur
rom move tys
ruh move mun
rum move ukr
sev support bul move rum
smy move arm
stp/nc move nwy
tri move ser
tun move naf
ven hold
wal move eng
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Austria: fleet/dislodged adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet/dislodged nth
England: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr move apu
nth move hel
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
apu move ven
arm move sev
ber support kie
bre move mid
bud support tri
bur move par
eas move aeg
eng move bel
gal support bud
gre support ser
hel move den
hol support eng move bel
kie support hel move den
mun move ruh
naf move mid
nth move hel
nwy move swe
por move spa
ruh move mun
rum support ser move bud
ser move bud
sev move bla
spa/nc support naf move mid
tri support apu move ven
tys move wes
ukr move gal
ven move tri
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: fleet/dislodged den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bud move vie
den move nth
tri move ser
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet lvp
remove por
remove ruh
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move alb
aeg move bul/sc
bel hold
ber support kie
bud move ser
den move nth
gal move war
gre support bud move ser
hel move den
hol move kie
kie move hel
lon move wal
lvp move iri
mun move kie
naf move mid
nap move apu
nth support hel move den
nwy move swe
rum move bud
ser support ven move tri
sev move mos
spa/nc support naf move mid
swe move nwy
tri move ven
ukr support sev move mos
ven move tri
vie support ven move tri
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Austria: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
den move bal
ser move rum
tri move tyr
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move gre
apu support tyr move ven
bal support hel move den
ber move kie
bla move sev
bre support iri move mid
bud move rum
bul/sc move aeg
gre move bul
hel move den
hol move hel
ion move adr
iri move mid
mid move por
mos support ukr move war
mun support ber move kie
nth support den move ska
nwy move swe
par move bre
rum move bud
ser support bud move rum
spa/nc support wes move mid
swe support hel move den
tri hold
tyr move ven
ukr move war
vie support tri
war move gal
wes move mid
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Turkey: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
den move ska
rum move ukr
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet con
remove gal
build Fleet nap
remove ruh
build Fleet smy
remove ukr
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
adr support nap move ion
aeg move gre
ank move con
apu support nap move ion
bal support den
bel move pic
bul move rum
con move aeg
gre move alb
hel move kie
iri move mid
kie support den
mid move bre
mos move stp
mun move bur
nap move ion
nth move den
nwy move swe
par support mid move bre
por move mid
rum move bud
ser support rum move bud
sev move bla
ska support nwy move swe
smy move eas
spa/nc support por move mid
swe support den
vie support tri
war move gal
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: fleet bre
England: fleet/dislodged bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Turkey: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army/dislodged swe
England: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
bre move eng
swe move fin
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Turkey: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg move gre
alb move tri
apu move nap
bal support fin move swe
bla hold
bre hold
bud move vie
bur move bel
con move bul
den move ska
eas move aeg
eng convoy wal move bel
fin move swe
gal support bud move vie
gre move alb
hel support ska move den
ion move tun
iri move mid
kie support den
mid move nat
nth support ska move den
par support bre
pic move bre
rum move bud
ser support alb move tri
ska move den
spa/nc move mid
stp support fin move nwy
swe move bal
ven support adr move tri
vie support tri
wal move bel via convoy
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Turkey: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
England: fleet/dislodged swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
swe move ska
vie move tyr
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
England: army wal
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army rom
remove ska
build Fleet smy
remove tyr
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
England: army wal
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
adr support nap move ion
alb support ser move tri
ank move sev via convoy
bal move kie
bla convoy ank move sev
bre move eng
bud support ser move tri
bul move ser
bur move mar
eng support iri move mid
gal move war
gre support alb
hel support den
iri move mid
nat support spa/nc move mid
nap move ion
nth move nwy
par move pic
pic move bre
rom move ven
ser move tri
smy move syr
spa/nc move mid
stp move nwy
swe move nwy
tri hold
tun move ion
ven move tyr
vie support ser move tri
wal move lvp
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: fleet syr
Turkey: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven
aeg support gre
alb support tri
bal support kie
bla move con
bre move mid
bud support tri
den move kie
eas support aeg
eng support pic move bre
gre support alb
hel support den move kie
ion hold
iri move mid
kie move mun
mid move iri
nat support mid move iri
nth move hol
par move bre
pic move bre
ser support tri
sev move mos
stp move fin
swe move den
syr support eas
tri support alb
tun support ion
tyr move mun
ven hold
vie support tri
war move sil
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
England: fleet/dislodged iri
Germany: army/dislodged kie
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: fleet syr
Turkey: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
iri move wal
kie move ber
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: fleet syr
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army edi
remove ion
build Army mun
remove tun
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: fleet syr
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move ion
alb support aeg move ion
ank move arm
bal move kie
ber support mun
bud move gal
con move aeg
den move swe
eas support aeg move ion
edi support lvp
eng support bre
fin move swe
gre support aeg move ion
hel support kie move den
iri move eng
kie move den
mid move bre
mar move spa
mos move stp
par support mid move bre
ser support tri
sil move war
syr support eas
tyr move boh
ven move tyr
vie support tri
wal move lon
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
England: fleet/dislodged bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: fleet syr
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
bre move gas
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Turkey: army gal
England: fleet gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: fleet syr
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg support eas move ion
alb support ser move tri
arm move sev
ber support mun
boh move vie
bre support iri move eng
den move swe
eas move ion
edi support lvp
eng support gas move mid
fin support stp move nwy
gal support vie move boh
gas move mid
gre support eas move ion
hel move den
hol move kie
ion move nap
iri move eng
par move bur
ser move tri
stp move nwy
syr move eas
tri move vie
tyr support boh move vie
vie move boh
war move sil
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
England: fleet/dislodged eng
Turkey: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Turkey: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
eng move pic
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
remove boh
build Fleet con
build Fleet smy
remove swe
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb support ser move tri
ber move sil
bre hold
bur move mun
con move aeg
den move nth
eas support aeg move ion
eng move wal
fin move swe
gal support sil move boh
gre support aeg move ion
ion move tun
lon move eng
mid move por
mun support ber move sil
nap move rom
nwy support fin move swe
pic move bre
ser move tri
sil move boh
spa move mar
tri move tyr
tyr support bur move mun
vie support tri move tyr
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
England: fleet pic
England: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Italy: army/dislodged tyr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Italy: fleet wal
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
tyr disband
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
England: fleet pic
England: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Italy: fleet wal
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb support aeg move ion
boh move tyr
bre move eng
bur move pic
eas support aeg move ion
eng support pic move bre
gal move boh
gre support aeg move ion
hol move bel
ion move tys
kie move den
mar move bur
mun support mar move bur
nth move lon
nwy move swe
pic move bre
rom support ion move tys
sev move ukr
sil move war
smy move aeg
swe move den
tri support tyr move ven
tun support ion move tys
tyr move ven
vie support boh move tyr
wal move lon
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bre
Italy: fleet/dislodged bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
England: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Italy: fleet/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Italy: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
bre disband
ven disband
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Italy: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
