PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mos move stp
mun hold
nap move ion
rom move nap
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
ven move tri
vie move gal
war move sil
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
bot move swe
bre move mid
bul move gre
con move bul
edi move nwy via convoy
gal move war
hol move bel
kie move ber
mar move spa
mun move ber
nth move ska
nrg convoy edi move nwy
ser hold
sev move bla
sil move war
stp move nwy
tri hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army bud
build Fleet con
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
build Army smy
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
bel move hol
ber move pru
bud support gal move rum
bul move rum
con support ank move bla
edi move nwy via convoy
gal move rum
gre hold
ion move tun
kie move den
mid move por
mar move gol
mos support sil move war
mun hold
nap move rom
nrg convoy edi move nwy
par move pic
ser support bud move tri
sev support bul move rum
sil move war
ska support edi move nwy
smy move arm
spa move gas
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
ven move tri
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
bud support ser move rum
bul move ser
con move aeg
den support ska move swe
edi move nwy via convoy
gal move rum
gre support bul move ser
hol move bel
mos support sev
mun move sil
nrg convoy edi move nwy
pru support mun move sil
rom move ven
ser hold
sev support gal move rum
ska support edi move nwy
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri move ven
ven move tyr
war hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ser move alb
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet con
build Army mun
build Army ven
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move ser
arm move sev
bel move hol
bla support ser move rum
bud support alb move ser
con move bul/ec
den move swe
edi move nwy via convoy
gas move par
gre move alb
gol move wes
mos support war
nrg convoy edi move nwy
pic hold
por move mid
pru move war
rom move tus
rum move bul
ser move rum
sev hold
sil support pru move war
ska support edi move nwy
stp support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tri move ven
tun move tys
tyr move vie
ven move tri
war hold
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
rum move gal
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move gre
arm support rum move sev
bla support rum move sev
bud move ser
con move bul/sc
den move swe
edi move nwy via convoy
gal move vie
hol move bel
ion move adr
mid move naf
mos support war
mun move bur
nrg convoy edi move nwy
par support pic
pic move bel
pru move war
rum move sev
ser move bul
sev move bla
sil support pru move war
ska support edi move nwy
stp support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tri move ven
tus move rom
tys move tun
ven support vie move tri
vie move tri
war hold
wes move tun
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: fleet/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
tri move alb
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army kie
build Army mar
build Fleet nap
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
alb move ion
arm move rum via convoy
bla convoy arm move rum
bud support vie move tri
bur move gas
con move aeg
den move swe
edi move nwy via convoy
gre move bul
hol move bel
kie move ruh
mar move bur
mos support war
naf support wes
nap move tys
nrg convoy edi move nwy
par support mar move bur
pic move bel
pru move war
rom move ven
ser support vie move tri
sev support arm move rum
sil support pru move war
ska support edi move nwy
stp support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tri move alb
tys move gol
ven move pie
vie move tri
war support mos
wes hold
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
aeg move gre
alb move ion
bla support rum
bud support ser move tri
bul move ser
den move swe
edi move nwy via convoy
gas move spa
hol move bel
gol move mar
mos support war
nrg convoy edi move nwy
pie support gol move mar
pru move sil
ruh support hol move bel
rum support bul move ser
ser support bud move tri
sev move mos
sil move mun
ska support edi move nwy
stp move lvn
swe support ska move den
tri move ven
tys move tun
ven hold
war support mos
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ser move alb
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove alb
build Army ber
build Army con
build Fleet edi
build Army rom
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
bel hold
ber move pru
bla move sev
bud support tri
con move bul
den move swe
edi move nth
gre move ion
ion move nap
lvn support mos move stp
mar move gol
mos move stp
mun move bur
nrg move bar
nwy support ska move swe
pie move mar
rom move nap
ruh support mun move bur
rum move bud
ser support rum move bud
sev move ukr
sil support ber move pru
ska move swe
smy move eas
spa move por
swe move bal
tri support bud
tun move ion
ven support adr move tri
war hold
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Germany: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Turkey: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bud move gal
tri move vie
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Germany: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bal move kie
bar support nwy move stp
bel support bur move pic
bud support bul move rum
bul move rum
bur move pic
den move kie
eas move ion
gal move bud
gre support eas move ion
ion move nap
lvn support war move pru
gol move tys
mar move spa
nth move nwy
nwy move stp
por hold
pru move ber
rom move nap
ruh move bur
ser support bud
sev support bul move rum
sil move war
stp move nwy
swe hold
tri hold
tun move tys
ukr move mos
ven move tyr
vie move tri
war move pru
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: army/dislodged pic
Germany: army por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Germany: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: army/dislodged stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ion move aeg
stp disband
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove bal
build Army con
build Fleet edi
remove gal
build Army lon
remove lvn
build Army mun
remove pru
build Army smy
build Army ven
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
bar move nrg
bel move eng
ber move sil
bud support rum move gal
bur support pic move par
con move bul
edi move nth
gre move alb
lon hold
gol move mar
mos hold
mun support ber move sil
nwy hold
pic move par
rom move ven
rum move gal
ser move tri
sev move bla
smy move con
spa move mar
stp move mos
swe move bot
tri move adr
tun move naf
tyr move boh
ven move pie
vie hold
war support stp move mos
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
Turkey: army/dislodged mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: army/dislodged par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
mos move ukr
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
alb move ion
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
boh move tyr
bot move lvn
bud move vie
bul move rum
bur move mar
con move bul
den move kie
eng convoy lon move bre
gal move war
ion move tys
lon move bre via convoy
gol move wes
mos support war
mun support sil
naf move mid
nth hold
nrg move nat
nwy move swe
par support lon move bre
pie move mar
por move spa
sil support war
spa support pie move mar
tri support bud move vie
ukr support gal move war
ven move pie
vie move bud
war support mos
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
vie move boh
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove boh
build Army edi
build Army lon
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move tri
ber move pru
bla hold
bre move gas
bul move ser
bur move mar
edi move nwy via convoy
eng support nat move mid
gal move war
ion move tun
kie move ruh
mid move por
mos support war
mun hold
nat support eng move mid
nth convoy edi move nwy
par support bre move gas
pie move mar
por move spa
rum move bud
sev move mos
sil support war
spa support mid move por
swe move ska
tri move vie
tyr move mun
tys move wes
ukr support sev move mos
ven move pie
vie move boh
war support mos
wes move mid
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
England: army/dislodged mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
mos move stp
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bla hold
boh move sil
bud move vie
bur move mar
eng move mid
gal support boh move sil
gas support bur move mar
lon hold
lvn move bot
mid move iri
mos support ukr
mun support sil
nat support eng move mid
nth move eng
nwy move swe
par move bur
pie move mar
por support wes move mid
pru support war
ruh support mun
ser move tri
sil support war
ska move nth
spa support pie move mar
stp move mos
tri move adr
tun move naf
tyr move mun
ukr support mos
ven move pie
vie move boh
wes move mid
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Germany: army/dislodged sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
sil move ber
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
build Army rom
remove ska
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr hold
ber move sil
bla convoy con move sev
boh move mun
bot convoy swe move lvn
bur move mar
con move sev via convoy
eng move mid
gal support sil move war
iri support por move mid
lon move wal
mos move lvn
mun support ber move sil
naf support por move mid
nat move cly
nth move nrg
par move bur
pie move mar
por move mid
pru support war
rom move tus
ruh support mun
sil move war
spa support pie move mar
stp support swe move lvn
swe move lvn via convoy
tri hold
tyr move mun
ukr move mos
ven move pie
vie move boh
war support stp move mos
wes move gol
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr hold
boh move mun
bot move stp/sc
cly move lvp
gal support sil move war
gas move bre
iri move lvp
lvn support stp move mos
gol support mar
mid move bre
mar move gas
mos support sil move war
naf support mid
nrg move nat
pie move mar
sev support mos
sil move war
spa support mar move gas
stp move mos
tri move bud
tus move pie
tyr move mun
ukr support sil move war
vie hold
wal support cly move lvp
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
England: army wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
build Army con
build Army edi
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
England: army wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
ber move sil
bla convoy con move rum
boh support gal move sil
bot support lvn
bud move gal
bur support par
con move rum via convoy
edi support lvp
eng hold
gal move sil
gas move bur
iri support mid move nat
lvn support stp move mos
lvp support nat move iri
mid move nat
mar support gas move bur
mun support ruh
naf move mid
nat move iri
par support bur
pie support mar
pru support ber move sil
ruh support mun
sev support mos
spa move gas
stp move mos
tyr move mun
ukr support war
vie support boh
wal support lvp
war support gal move sil
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
England: army wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
ber support pru
bla hold
boh support tyr move mun
bur support mun
eng move mid
gal move war
gas support mar move bur
ion move tys
gol move wes
mid move eng
mar move bur
mos support gal move war
nat move nrg
par move bre
pie move mar
pru support ber
ruh support mun
rum move gal
sev support mos
sil support war move pru
spa support gas
tyr move mun
ukr support gal move war
vie move tyr
war move pru
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
Germany: army bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Germany: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
England: army wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bur move par
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
England: army wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army kie
build Fleet rom
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
England: army wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move sil
bla move con
boh support bur move mun
bre move gas
bur move par
eng move bel
gal support ukr move war
gas support bur move par
kie move ruh
mid move bre
mar move bur
mos support war move lvn
mun support ber move sil
nrg move nth
par support ruh move bur
pru support ber move sil
rom move tys
ruh move bur
rum move ukr
sev support mos
sil support bur move mun
spa move mar
tyr move mun
tys move tun
ukr move war
vie support boh
war move lvn
wes move mid
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
England: army wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bur move pic
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
England: army wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel hold
boh support war move sil
bre support par
bur support par
con move aeg
gal support ukr move war
gas support pic move bur
lvn move stp
mid move bre
mar support pic move bur
mos support lvn move stp
nth move den
par support bur
pic move bur
pru support sil
ruh support mun
sev move ukr
sil support pru
spa support gas
tun move naf
tyr move mun
tys move wes
ukr move war
vie support boh
war move sil
wes move mid
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Italy: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
England: army/dislodged stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
England: army wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
