PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move pru
bre move eng
bud hold
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move bur via convoy
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move tys
par move bur
rom move apu
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri hold
ven move tyr
vie hold
war move lvn
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bla support con move bul
bot move swe
bud move ser
bul move gre
con move bul
den move swe
edi move nth
eng support lon move nth
lon support edi move nth
lvn hold
mar move bur
par move pic
pru move ber
ruh move hol
rum hold
tri hold
tys move tus
ukr hold
vie move boh
yor hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army con
build Army kie
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Army sev
build Fleet smy
build Army stp
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
apu move ven
ber move pru
bla move con
boh support bud move vie
bot move swe
bud support ser
bul move gre
bur move ruh
con move bul
den move ska
eng support pic move bel
gre move alb
hol support nth move bel
kie move den
lon hold
lvn hold
mos move war
mun hold
nth support yor move bel
pic move bel
rum move sev
ser support bud
smy move aeg
tri hold
tus move gol
tyr move pie
ukr move gal
yor move bel via convoy
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb support gre move ser
bel move hol
boh move vie
bud support ser
bul support gre move ser
con move aeg
den move nwy via convoy
eng move mid
gal move bud
gre move ser
hol support mun move ruh
lon move eng
lvn move pru
gol move spa/sc
mun move ruh
nth support lon move eng
pie move mar
pru move ber
ruh move mun
ser support tri move alb
sev move rum
ska convoy den move nwy
swe move bal
tri move alb
war support lvn move pru
yor move wal
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army kie
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
build Army smy
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg convoy smy move gre
alb move tri
bal support pru move ber
bel move hol
ber hold
bud support tri
bul move rum
eng convoy wal move bel
gal move ukr
hol support wal move bel
ion move alb
kie move ruh
mid move por
mar move spa
mun support ber
nap move tys
nth support wal move bel
nwy move stp
pru move ber
ruh move kie
rum move bla
ser support gal move bud
ska move swe
smy move gre via convoy
spa/sc move por
tri hold
vie support bud
wal move bel via convoy
war move sil
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
France: army/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move bur
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb move tri
bal support pru move swe
bel hold
ber hold
bla move ank
bud support tri
bur support ruh
eng move bre
gre move ser
hol support kie
ion move tun
kie support ber
mid move por
mar hold
mun support ber
nth support bel
pru move swe via convoy
rom move nap
ruh hold
rum move gal
ser move rum
sil move war
spa/sc move por
stp move mos
swe move bal
tys move tun
ukr move mos
vie support bud
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bur
build Army lon
build Fleet lvp
remove ruh
remove ukr
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move tri
ank move con
bal move bot
bel move pic
ber move pru
bre move eng
bud move gal
gal support rum move bud
hol move ruh
ion move tun
kie support ber
lon hold
lvp move iri
mid move spa/sc
mar move spa
mun move sil
nap hold
nth move den
pru move lvn
rum move bud
ser support rum move bud
spa/sc move por
stp move mos
swe move bal
tri hold
tys move tun
ven support tri
vie support bud move gal
war move mos
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army/dislodged gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gal move rum
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move tri
bal move swe
bot move stp/sc
bud move vie
con move smy
den move nth
eng convoy lon move bre
gal move bud
gre move ion
ion move adr
iri move mid
kie move den
lon move bre via convoy
lvn support bot move stp
mid move spa/sc
mar move spa
nap move tun via convoy
pic move par
por hold
pru support sil move war
ruh move hol
rum move gal
ser support alb move tri
sil move war
stp move mos
tri hold
tys move tun
ven support tri
vie support gal move bud
war move mos
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Turkey: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
England: army par
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army/dislodged stp
Germany: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bud move rum
stp move fin
war move ukr
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
remove ion
build Army kie
build Army lon
remove mid
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Army rom
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ser move tri
alb support ser move tri
ber move bal
bre move gas
bud support ukr move rum
den move swe
eng convoy lon move bel
fin move stp
gal support rum move bud
hol move nwy via convoy
iri move mid
kie move ber
lvn move pru
mar move pie
mos move war
nap support rom
nth convoy hol move nwy
par move bur
por move spa/sc
pru support war move lvn
rom support ven
rum move bud
ser move tri
smy move con
stp/sc move fin
swe move bot
tri hold
tun move ion
ukr move rum
ven support tri
vie support bud
war move lvn
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Turkey: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Russia: army/dislodged lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Turkey: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
lvn move mos
rum move bul
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Turkey: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
alb move gre
bal convoy swe move lvn
ber move mun
bot support nwy move stp
bud support vie
bul move rum
bur move mar
con move bul/sc
eng move mid
fin support bot move stp
gal support bul move rum
gas support mid move spa
ion move adr
lon move bel via convoy
lvn move war
mid move spa/sc
mos support war
nap move gre via convoy
nth convoy lon move bel
nwy move stp
pie move tyr
pru support lvn move war
rom move apu
rum support con move bul
spa/sc move wes
stp/sc hold
swe move lvn via convoy
tri hold
ven move tri
war hold
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Turkey: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
rum move ukr
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Turkey: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Fleet lvp
build Fleet sev
remove wes
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Turkey: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
apu move alb via convoy
bal move kie
bel move bur
bot move swe
bud hold
bul/sc move con
edi move lvp
fin move stp
gal move boh
gas move spa
gre move bul
ion support nap move gre
lvn support stp move mos
lvp move iri
mos hold
mun move sil
nap move gre via convoy
pru move war
rum move ser
sev move rum
spa/sc move wes
stp move mos
swe move den
tri move ven
tyr support ven move tri
ukr support sev move rum
ven move tri
vie support tyr move tri
war support mos
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
mos move sev
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
apu move alb via convoy
boh move tyr
bud support rum
bul hold
bur move mar
con hold
den move hol
ion move tun
iri convoy lvp move tun
kie move hel
lvn move war
lvp move tun via convoy
mid convoy lvp move tun
mar move pie
mos move ukr
nap move gre via convoy
pru support lvn move war
rum move bla
ser support bul
sev move arm
sil move mun
spa move por
stp support mos
swe move ska
tri move ven
tyr move tri
ukr move sev
ven support tyr move tri
vie support tyr move tri
war move ukr
wes convoy lvp move tun
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: army por
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ven move rom
war move gal
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: army por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove apu
build Army ber
remove gal
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: army por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move apu
arm support sev
ber move sil
bla support bud move rum
bud move rum
bul move gre
con move bul/sc
den move swe
hel hold
ion move tun
iri move mid
kie move hol
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mid move wes
mar move pie
mos support war move ukr
mun support tyr
pie move tus
por move spa
pru move war
ser move tri
sev move mos
ska move nwy
stp move lvn
tyr move pie
ven support ser move tri
vie move bud
war move ukr
wes move tys
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Russia: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
England: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
tri move alb
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Russia: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
England: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move ser
apu move ion
arm move bul via convoy
bla hold
bud move vie
bul/sc move aeg
eng move bel
gre move bul
hel move den
lvn move stp
mid move nat
mar move bur
mos hold
mun move bur
nap support rom
nwy move nrg
rom hold
rum hold
sev move ank via convoy
sil move ber
spa move mar
swe move nwy
tun hold
tus move pie
tyr move pie
tys move ion
ukr move war
ven support tyr move pie
war move sil
wes move tys
yor move lon
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
England: army tus
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove apu
build Army bud
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
England: army tus
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
arm move con via convoy
bel move hol
ber move kie
bla convoy arm move con
bud support rum
bul move con
hol move ruh
lon move yor
mar move bur
mos hold
mun move bur
nat move nrg
nap support rom
nth support bel move hol
nrg convoy nwy move cly
nwy move cly via convoy
pie move tus
rom hold
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev hold
sil move ber
spa move mar
stp move nwy
tri move ven
tun move ion
tus move ven
tys support wes move tun
ven move apu
vie support bud
war hold
wes move tun
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Russia: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army cly
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
England: army tus
England: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
apu move ven
arm move con via convoy
ber move kie
bla convoy arm move con
bud support vie move tri
bul hold
cly support nrg move edi
den move nth
gre hold
hol hold
ion move tun
kie move hol
mar move bur
mun move bur
nat move nrg
nap support rom move apu
nth support hol
nrg move edi
nwy hold
pie support apu move ven
rom move apu
ruh support kie move hol
rum move ser
sev move ukr
spa move mar
tri move tyr
tus move rom
tys support tus move rom
vie move tri
yor move edi
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army cly
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
England: fleet/dislodged hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: supply por
England: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
hol move bel
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army cly
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: supply por
England: army rom
England: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
remove bul
remove ion
build Fleet lvp
build Army sev
remove tyr
remove ven
build Army vie
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army cly
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: supply por
England: army rom
England: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
apu support nap
bel move hol
ber move bal
bla convoy con move rum
bud move gal
cly support edi
con move rum via convoy
den move nth
edi move nrg
gre hold
hol move bel
kie support hol
lvp move cly
mar move bur
mos hold
mun move bur
nap hold
nth support yor move edi
nrg support yor move edi
pie move mar
rom move nap
ruh support mun move bur
ser move bul
sev support ukr
spa move gas
tri move ven
tun move ion
tys support rom move nap
ukr hold
vie support bud move gal
war support mos
yor move edi
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Germany: army cly
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: supply por
England: army rom
England: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
apu move rom
bal move swe
bel move nth
bla convoy rum move arm
bul hold
bur move mar
cly move edi
den move nth
edi support lvp move cly
gal move war
gas move par
gre hold
hol move bel
ion move apu
kie move hol
lvp move cly
mar move bur
mos move ukr
nap support apu move rom
nth move nwy
nrg support nth move nwy
nwy move stp
pie support bur move mar
rom move nap
ruh support hol move bel
sev move mos
tys support rom move nap
ukr support sev move mos
ven hold
vie move tyr
war support mos move ukr
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet apu
Germany: army bel
England: fleet/dislodged bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Italy: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
England: army/dislodged mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Germany: army/dislodged mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
England: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bel move pic
mar move spa
mos move lvn
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: army nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: fleet pic
Turkey: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army mun
remove pie
build Army sev
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: army nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: fleet pic
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
apu move ion
bel move pic
bla hold
bul hold
cly move edi
den move nth
edi move yor
gal support ukr move war
gre hold
hol move bel
lvn move pru
mar move spa
mos hold
mun hold
nap support tys move rom
nrg move nth
nwy move ska
par move gas
rom hold
ruh move bur
rum move ukr
sev support mos
stp support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tri support tyr
tyr hold
tys move rom
ukr move war
ven support tyr
vie move boh
war move sil
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: army nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: fleet pic
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army/dislodged rom
England: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
rom move apu
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: army nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: fleet pic
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
England: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
apu move rom
bel move pic
bla hold
boh support tyr move mun
bul move rum
bur support mar
den support nwy move ska
edi move nth
gal support boh
gas hold
gre hold
hol move bel
ion move tys
mar hold
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nrg support edi move nth
nwy move ska
pru move ber
sev move arm
sil support tyr move mun
ska support edi move nth
spa support gas
stp move nwy
tri move vie
tyr move mun
ukr support war
ven hold
war hold
yor move lon
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: army nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: fleet pic
England: supply por
England: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
England: fleet/dislodged ska
Russia: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ska disband
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: army nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: fleet pic
England: supply por
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove apu
remove ber
build Army bud
build Fleet edi
build Army mos
build Army sev
remove sil
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: army nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: fleet pic
England: supply por
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel support bur move pic
bla convoy sev move con
boh support mun
bud move ser
bur move pic
den move nth
edi move nth
gal move sil
gas support spa move mar
mos move lvn
mun hold
nap move apu
nth move hel
nrg support edi move nth
nwy move swe
rom move tys
ruh move bur
rum hold
sev move con via convoy
ska support den move nth
spa move mar
stp move nwy
tri move adr
tys move gol
ven hold
vie move tyr
war move pru
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
England: army apu
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: army gas
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
Germany: army/dislodged mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: fleet/dislodged pic
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
England: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mar move pie
pic move bre
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
England: army apu
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: army gas
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
Germany: army pic
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
England: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
apu move rom
bel move bur
boh move gal
bur move par
con move smy
den move nth
edi move nth
gas move par
gre hold
hol support mun move kie
lvn hold
gol move mar
mar move bur
mun support sil move ber
nrg support edi move nth
nwy hold
pic support bur move par
pie move mar
pru move ber
rum move sev
ser move rum
sil move ber
ska support den move nth
swe move den
tyr move ven
tys move nap
ukr hold
ven move rom
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: army apu
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
England: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove pie
remove swe
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: army apu
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
England: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu move rom
arm move sev
bel move bur
ber hold
bla support arm move sev
bre move eng
den move nth
edi move nth
gal move ukr
gas support mar move bur
gre move aeg
hel move den
hol move kie
ion move tun
lvn support pru move war
gol move spa/sc
mar move bur
mun support ber
nap move ion
nrg support edi move nth
nwy move stp
par support pic move bre
pic move bre
pru move war
rum support sev
sev hold
ska support den move nth
smy hold
tri move alb
tyr move vie
ukr support arm move sev
ven hold
vie move bud
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
England: army rom
England: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg convoy smy move bul
alb move gre
arm move sev
bel move bur
ber move kie
bla support arm move sev
bre hold
bud move ser
bur move bel
den move hel
edi move nth
eng convoy lon move pic
gal move ukr
gas move bre
hel move hol
ion move adr
kie move hol
lon move pic via convoy
lvn hold
mun support ber move kie
nrg move nwy
par support bre
rum support sev
sev hold
ska move nwy
smy move bul via convoy
spa/sc move wes
stp move fin
ukr support arm move sev
ven hold
vie move boh
war move gal
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Germany: army/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
England: supply por
England: army rom
England: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
kie move ruh
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
England: supply por
England: army rom
England: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove bur
remove hel
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
England: supply por
England: army rom
England: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg support bul
arm support bla move sev
bel move pic
bla move sev
boh move sil
bre support par move gas
bud support gal
bul hold
den move nth
eng move bre
fin move nwy
gal hold
gas support eng move bre
gre support rum move bul
kie move hol
lvn move mos
mun move ruh
nth hold
nrg support nth
par move gas
pic support eng move bre
rom hold
ruh support kie move hol
rum move bul
ser support gre
sev move mos
ska support fin move nwy
tri move adr
tun hold
ukr support bla move sev
ven hold
war move gal
wes move tun
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
England: supply por
England: army rom
England: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg support bul move gre
arm move smy
bel support par move pic
bre support par move pic
bud move gal
bul move gre
den move nth
eng move bel
gal move war
gas move par
gre support ser move bul
hol support mun move kie
ion support wes move tun
lvn support war
mun move kie
nth support eng move bel
nrg support nth
nwy move swe
par move pic
pic support eng move bel
ruh move bur
rum move ukr
ser move bul
sev hold
sil support gal move war
ska support den move nth
tun hold
ukr support war
ven hold
war hold
wes move tun
PHASE 1913 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Russia: army gre
Austria: army/dislodged gre
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: supply por
England: army rom
England: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
gre move ser
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: supply por
England: army rom
England: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bel
remove den
build Fleet lon
build Fleet lvp
build Army mos
remove ska
build Army stp
build Army vie
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: supply por
England: army rom
England: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg convoy smy move bul
bre hold
bud move ser
bul hold
bur move mar
eng move bre
gal support rum move ukr
gre move bul
hol move bel
ion support wes move tun
kie move den
lon move eng
lvn support war
lvp move iri
nth move hel
nrg move nth
par support eng move bre
pic move par
rum move ukr
ser move alb
sev move rum
sil move ber
smy move bul via convoy
stp move nwy
tun hold
ukr move gal
ven hold
vie support gal
war support ukr move gal
wes move tun
PHASE 1914 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Austria: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Austria: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Austria: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: supply por
England: army rom
England: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Russia: army/dislodged ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ukr move sev
PHASE 1914 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Austria: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Austria: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Austria: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: supply por
England: army rom
England: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg convoy gre move bul
alb move gre
bel move hol
ber move sil
bre support pic move par
bul support alb move gre
den move kie
eng move bre
gal support ukr move rum
gre move bul via convoy
hel move den
ion move alb
iri move mid
lon move nth
lvn move pru
mar move spa
mos support sev move ukr
nth move hol
nwy hold
par support eng move bre
pic move par
rum support gre move bul
ser support alb move gre
sev move ukr
smy move con
swe support hel move den
tun hold
ukr move rum
ven hold
vie move bud
war move gal
wes move tun
PHASE 1914 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
England: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Austria: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
England: army rom
England: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove pic
build Army sev
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1915 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
England: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Austria: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
England: army rom
England: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move ion
bel hold
bre move gas
bud support gal move rum
bul hold
con hold
eng move bre
gal move rum
gre support bul
ion move alb
kie move den
lon move nth
mid move spa/sc
mos move lvn
nth move hel
nwy hold
par support eng move bre
pru move ber
rom move tus
rum move bla
ser support gal move rum
sev move ukr
sil move ber
spa move mar
swe hold
tri move alb
tun hold
ukr move gal
ven hold
vie hold
war support ukr move gal
wes support mid move spa
PHASE 1915 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
England: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Austria: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
England: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
England: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb move ion
bel move hol
bla support ukr move rum
bud support rum
bul hold
con move bul
den support hel move kie
gal hold
gas move spa
gre support bul
hel move kie
ion move nap
kie support sil move ber
lvn move pru
mar support gas move spa
nth move hol
nwy hold
par move gas
pru move sil
rum hold
ser support rum
sil move ber
swe hold
tri move adr
tun move wes
tus move pie
ukr move rum
ven hold
vie move gal
war support gal
wes support spa/sc
PHASE 1915 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Austria: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Austria: army/dislodged kie
England: fleet kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
England: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
England: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
kie move mun
spa/sc move por
PHASE 1915 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Austria: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
England: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove swe
build Army tri
PHASE 1916 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Austria: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
England: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg support con move bul
bel move pic
ber move kie
bla move rum
bud support vie
bul support rum
con move bul
den move hel
gal move vie
gas support pie move mar
gre support bul
ion move tun
kie support nth move hol
mar move bur
mun support ber move kie
nap hold
nth move hol
pie move mar
por move spa/sc
pru move ber
ser support rum
sil support pru move ber
spa move gas
tri move ven
tun hold
ukr support bla move rum
ven move rom
vie support bud
war support gal
wes support ion move tun
PHASE 1916 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
Austria: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
England: fleet/dislodged kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
England: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
Austria: fleet/dislodged tun
Austria: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
kie move den
tun move tys
PHASE 1916 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
Austria: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
England: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
ber support sil move mun
bla support ukr move rum
bre move pic
bud support vie move gal
bul support rum
bur support pic move par
con move bul
den move kie
gal hold
gas move par
gre support bul
hel support den move kie
hol support den move kie
ion move eas
kie move ber
mar support por move spa
mun support kie move ber
nap move ion
pic move par
por move spa/sc
rom hold
rum support vie move gal
ser support rum
sil move mun
spa move gas
tys hold
ukr move rum
ven move pie
vie move gal
war support gal
wes support tun
PHASE 1916 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
Austria: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: army/dislodged kie
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Austria: army par
England: supply par
England: fleet pic
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
England: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
kie move ruh
PHASE 1916 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
England: fleet pic
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bur
build Fleet lon
build Fleet lvp
remove ruh
build Army sev
PHASE 1917 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
England: fleet pic
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
ber move mun
bla support con move bul
bud support rum
con move bul
eas move aeg
gal hold
gre support bul
hel move hol
hol move bel
ion move aeg
lon move eng
lvp move iri
mun move ruh
nwy move swe
par hold
pic move bre
pie move tyr
rom hold
ser support rum
sev move rum
sil support ber move mun
spa/sc move wes
tys move tun
ukr support gal
vie support bud
war support gal
wes move gol
PHASE 1917 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
Austria: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg hold
bla support con
bud move gal
bul support rum
con hold
eas move smy
gal move rum
gre support bul
ion move aeg
iri move mid
gol move pie
mar move bur
mun hold
par hold
rom hold
ruh support tyr move mun
rum hold
ser support rum
sev hold
sil support mun
tun hold
tyr move mun
tys move nap
ukr support gal move rum
vie move boh
war move gal
wes support tun
PHASE 1917 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
England: fleet pie
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army lon
remove nap
PHASE 1918 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
England: fleet pie
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move smy
bla move bul/ec
boh move vie
bud support rum
bul move con
bur support gas move par
con support aeg move smy
eng convoy lon move pic
gal move boh
gas move par
gre move bul
ion move aeg
lon move pic via convoy
mid move wes
mun hold
par move pic
rom move ven
ruh hold
ser support rum
sev move rum
sil support mun
smy support bul move con
tun move ion
tyr move mun
ukr support sev move rum
war move gal
wes move tys
PHASE 1918 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
Austria: supply par
England: fleet pie
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move smy
bla support con
boh move vie
bre move mid
bud support rum
bul move con
con support aeg move smy
eng convoy lon move pic
gal move bud
gre move bul
ion move aeg
lon move pic via convoy
mun support bur move ruh
ruh move mun
rum hold
ser support rum
sev support ukr move rum
sil support mun
smy support bul move con
tun support tys move ion
tyr support ruh move mun
tys move ion
ukr move rum
ven move rom
vie move boh
PHASE 1918 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Austria: fleet/dislodged ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
Austria: supply par
England: army pic
England: fleet pie
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ion move eas
PHASE 1918 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
England: fleet pie
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army lon
PHASE 1919 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
England: fleet pie
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support con
bel move eng
bla support ukr move sev
boh support mun
bud support rum
bul hold
bur move ruh
con hold
eas move aeg
eng move mid
gal move vie
gre support bul
ion move eas
mid move wes
mun support bur move ruh
pic move bel
rom move nap
ruh hold
ser support rum
sev move arm
sil hold
smy support eas move aeg
tun hold
tyr move boh
ukr move sev
vie support tyr move boh
wes move tys
PHASE 1919 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet/dislodged aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: fleet pie
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
PHASE 1919 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: fleet pie
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support bul move con
arm move smy
bla support con
boh support mun move tyr
bud support rum
bul move con
con hold
eas move ion
eng convoy lon move tus
gal move ukr
gre hold
hol move nth
ion move adr
kie move hel
lon move tus via convoy
mid convoy lon move tus
mun move tyr
nap move rom
par move bre
ruh move hol
rum hold
ser support rum
sev support gal move ukr
smy support bul move con
tun support eas move ion
tyr support vie
tys convoy lon move tus
vie support tyr
wes convoy lon move tus
PHASE 1919 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: fleet pie
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: army tus
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1920 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: fleet pie
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: army tus
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg support bul move con
arm move smy
bla support con
boh support mun move tyr
bud support rum
bul move con
con hold
eng move mid
gre hold
hel move nth
ion move eas
mid move spa/sc
mun move tyr
nth move eng
rom move ven
rum hold
ser support rum
sev move rum
sil move gal
smy support bul move con
tri hold
tun move ion
tus move rom
tyr hold
tys support tus move rom
ukr hold
vie support tyr
PHASE 1920 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: fleet pie
England: supply por
England: army rom
Austria: army/dislodged rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
rom move apu
PHASE 1920 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Russia: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: fleet pie
England: supply por
England: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg move eas
apu move ven
arm move smy
bel move syr via convoy
bla support con
boh move tyr
bud support vie
bul support rum
con hold
eas convoy bel move syr
eng convoy bel move syr
gal move bud
gre hold
ion convoy bel move syr
mid convoy bel move syr
mun support boh move tyr
ser support rum
sev move rum
smy support aeg move eas
tri move adr
tyr support apu move ven
tys convoy bel move syr
ukr support sev move rum
vie hold
wes convoy bel move syr
PHASE 1920 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: fleet pie
England: supply por
England: army rom
England: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
England: army syr
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army lon
PHASE 1921 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: fleet pie
England: supply por
England: army rom
England: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
England: army syr
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tyr move tri
aeg support smy move eas
arm move smy
bla support con
bre move tus via convoy
bud support rum move gal
bul hold
con hold
eas support arm move smy
eng convoy lon move bel
gal support sev move rum
gre move ser
ion move aeg
lon move bel via convoy
mid convoy bre move tus
mun move boh
nth move hel
rum move gal
ser move tri
sev move rum
smy move eas
syr support arm move smy
tri move ven
tyr move tri
tys convoy bre move tus
ukr support sev move rum
ven move tyr
vie support ven move tyr
wes convoy bre move tus
PHASE 1921 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: fleet pie
England: supply por
England: army rom
England: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
England: army syr
Russia: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: army tus
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
gal move war
PHASE 1921 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: fleet pie
England: supply por
England: army rom
England: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
England: army syr
Russia: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: army tus
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tus move ven
aeg support bul
bel move pic
bla support rum
boh move mun
bud support ser move tri
bul hold
con move bul
eas support ion move aeg
gal move sil
gre move ser
hel move nth
hol move bel
ion move aeg
rom support tus move ven
rum hold
ser move tri
smy hold
spa/sc move wes
tri move vie
tus move ven
tyr move mun
tys move nap
ukr support rum
ven move apu
vie move boh
war move gal
wes move tys
PHASE 1921 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
England: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet/dislodged aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
England: fleet pie
England: supply por
England: army rom
England: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: army smy
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
England: army syr
Austria: army tri
Russia: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
England: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
tri move alb
PHASE 1921 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
England: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
England: fleet pie
England: supply por
England: army rom
England: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
England: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
England: army ven
England: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove apu
remove bul
remove gre
build Army lon
build Army lvp
build Army sev
build Army war
PHASE 1922 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
England: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
England: fleet pie
England: supply por
England: army rom
England: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
England: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
England: army ven
England: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg support alb move gre
alb move gre
bel move hol
bla move bul/ec
boh move vie
bud support vie
con support bla move bul
gal move bud
nap move ion
nth move den
pic move bur
pie move gol
rom support ven
rum move ser
ser move alb
sil move ber
tri move ven
tyr support tri move ven
ukr support war
ven hold
vie support bud
war move sil
PHASE 1922 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
England: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
England: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
England: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
England: army rom
England: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
England: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
England: army ven
England: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move tri
alb move ser
ber move sil
boh move vie
bud move gal
bul/ec move bla
bur support sil move mun
con move bul
den move bal
eas convoy syr move apu
gal move bud
gre hold
hol move kie
ion convoy syr move apu
rom move tus
ser hold
sev support ukr move rum
sil move mun
smy move con
swe move den
syr move apu via convoy
tri move tyr
tyr move mun
tys hold
ukr move rum
vie move boh
PHASE 1922 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
England: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
England: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
England: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: army tus
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
England: army ven
England: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove alb
remove bud
remove lvp
build Army mos
build Army stp
remove vie
build Army war
PHASE 1923 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
England: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
England: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: army tus
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
England: army ven
England: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move tri
apu move alb via convoy
boh move vie
bul hold
con hold
gal move bud
gre hold
kie move ber
gol move mar
mos hold
mun move tyr
rum support gal move bud
ser support adr move tri
sev hold
sil move pru
tri support adr move ven
tus move pie
tyr support adr move ven
ven support adr move tri
war move sil
PHASE 1923 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
England: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
England: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Russia: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
England: army ven
England: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
tri move alb
PHASE 1923 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
England: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
England: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
England: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
England: army ven
England: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb hold
ber move kie
bud support vie
bul support ser
gre hold
mun hold
pru move lvn
ser support tri
tri hold
tyr move boh
vie hold
PHASE 1923 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
England: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
England: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
England: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: fleet tri
Russia: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: fleet tys
England: army ven
England: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
