PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar move bur
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move gas
rom move ven
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move tyr
vie move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move bla
bot move swe
bul move gre
bur move bel
con move bul
den hold
edi move nwy via convoy
gas move spa
ion move gre
kie move hol
mid move por
nth move ska
nrg convoy edi move nwy
ruh move bel
ser support alb move gre
sev support ukr move rum
tyr support ven move tri
ukr move rum
ven move tri
vie move tyr
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
build Army mun
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Army stp
build Army ven
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bla move bul/ec
bre move mid
bud support vie move tri
bul move ser
bur move bel
con support bla move bul
gal support rum move bud
gre move alb
hol move bel
ion move gre
kie move hol
lon move nth
mun support bur
nrg support lon move nth
nwy support ska move swe
par move pic
por move spa/sc
ruh support hol move bel
rum move bud
ser support vie move tri
sev move rum
ska move swe
smy move aeg
spa move gas
stp support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tri move alb
tyr support ven move tri
ven move tri
vie move tri
war move ukr
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army/dislodged nwy
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nwy move fin
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul move gre
bla support con move bul
bud support ukr move rum
bul move gre
bur hold
con move bul
den support hol move nth
fin hold
gal support bud
gas support bur
gre move bul/sc
hol move nth
ion move aeg
mid move naf
mun hold
nth move den
nrg move nth
nwy support hol move nth
pic support bur
ruh support bel
rum move sev
ser support gre move bul
spa/sc move wes
stp support nwy
swe support nth move den
tri move vie
tyr support tri move vie
ukr move rum
ven move tri
vie move bud
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
den move hel
vie move boh
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove boh
build Fleet lon
build Army mos
build Fleet rom
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support bul move gre
bel move yor
bla support con move bul
bud support rum move ser
bul move gre
bur hold
con move bul
den support lon move nth
fin move nwy
gal support bud
gas support bur
gre support ion move aeg
hel support nth
ion support aeg move gre
lon move nth
mos move sev
mun move kie
naf move tun
nth convoy bel move yor
nrg support fin move nwy
nwy move swe
pic support bur
rom move tys
ruh move kie
rum move ser
ser move bud
sev move rum
stp move fin
swe support fin move nwy
tri support vie
tyr move pie
vie support bud
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Austria: fleet/dislodged gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
Russia: fleet/dislodged nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
gre disband
nwy disband
ser move alb
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support gre
alb move tri
bla move bul/ec
bud support ser
bul move ser
bur move bel
den move nth
fin move stp
gal support rum
gas move mar
gre support bul move ser
hel move kie
ion move tun
lon support den move nth
mun move kie
nth support fin move nwy
nrg move edi
nwy hold
pic support bur move bel
pie support bur move mar
rum support ion move gre
ser support bud
sev move arm
swe move den
tri move bud
tun hold
tys support ion move tun
vie support tri move bud
wes support tun
yor move lvp
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet/dislodged nth
England: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Russia: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
den move kie
nth move eng
ser disband
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
build Fleet bre
build Army par
build Fleet sev
build Army smy
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move con
ank support smy move arm
arm move ank
bel support par move bur
bre move mid
bud support gal move rum
bul/ec support ser move rum
den move kie
edi move nth
eng move nth
gal move rum
gre support bud move rum
hel move hol
ion move tun
lon move nth
lvp move wal
mar support par move bur
mun move kie
nth move hol
nwy move stp
par move bur
pic support bel
pie move mar
ruh support hel move hol
rum move bla
ser move rum
sev support rum move bla
smy move arm
stp move mos
tri move ven
tun hold
tys support ion move tun
vie move tri
wes support tun
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: army/dislodged arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move syr
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move bla
arm move sev
bel support bur move ruh
bla move arm
bud move tri
bul/ec move rum
bur move ruh
con move smy
den move nth
edi move cly
eng move lon
gal move rum
gre support ser
hol move nth
ion move tys
lon support den move nth
mid move eng
mar move pie
mos move stp
mun move kie
nth move eng
pic support bel
pie support tri move ven
ruh move kie
ser support bul/ec move rum
sev support bla move arm
syr move smy
tri move ven
tun hold
tys move rom
ven support mar move pie
wal support eng move lon
wes support tun
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army/dislodged arm
Russia: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
England: fleet/dislodged lon
England: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm disband
lon disband
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove arm
build Army ber
build Army edi
build Army kie
build Fleet smy
remove syr
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel support ruh move hol
ber move kie
bla convoy ank move rum
bud move ser
cly support edi move lvp
con move aeg
den move hel
edi move lvp
gal move rum
gre support ser
hol move bel
kie move ruh
lon move eng
mid move eng
mar move pie
mos move sev
mun support kie move ruh
nth move hel
pic move bur
pie move ven
rom support tys
ruh move hol
rum move bul/ec
ser support ank move rum
sev move arm
smy move eas
stp move mos
tri move alb
tun move ion
tys hold
ven support mar move pie
wal move lon
wes move tys
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
England: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
Italy: army/dislodged pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
pie move tyr
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
England: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
alb move ser
ank move arm
arm move bla
bel support hol
bla support ank move arm
bud support alb move ser
bul/ec move rum
bur move ruh
cly move nrg
den move kie
eas move ion
gre support ser
hol support bur move ruh
ion move tun
kie move den
lon move eng
mid move eng
mos hold
mun move bur
nth move lon
pie move tyr
rom hold
ruh support mun move bur
rum support alb move ser
ser support bul/ec move rum
sev support rum
tyr move tri
tys move nap
ven support pie move tyr
wal move lvp
wes move tun
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
England: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Germany: army/dislodged ruh
Russia: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ion move tys
ruh move mun
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove aeg
build Fleet bre
build Fleet edi
remove wal
build Army war
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move gre
arm move sev
bel move bur
bla support arm move sev
bre move pic
bud support tri move ser
bul/ec support ser move rum
bur move par
den move bal
edi move yor
gre support ion move alb
hol support ruh move kie
ion move alb
kie move mun
lon hold
lvp move wal
mid move eng
mos support sev
mun move bur
nap move ion
nth move den
nrg move nth
rom hold
ruh move kie
rum move ser
ser move rum
sev move mos
tri move ser
tyr move mun
tys support wes move tun
ven move tri
war support sev move mos
wes move tun
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
Germany: army/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
England: army/dislodged mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
kie move ber
mos move stp
rum move ukr
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
alb move tri
bal move lvn
bel move ruh
ber support mun
bla support sev
bud support ser
bul/ec move rum
eng support pic move bel
gre support rum move ser
hol support kie
ion move gre
kie hold
lon move eng
mos move sev
mun hold
nth support wal move lon
par hold
pic move bel
rom move tys
rum move ser
ser support ion move gre
sev support bul/ec move rum
stp move lvn
tri move vie
tun move ion
tyr move vie
tys support tun move ion
ukr move rum
wal move lon
war move lvn
yor support wal move lon
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Army con
build Army lvp
build Fleet nap
remove ukr
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
alb move tri
bal move kie
bel move nth
ber support bal move kie
bla move con
bud move vie
bul/ec move bla
con move bul
den move hel
eng support bel move nth
gre support con move bul
hol move kie
ion move adr
kie move ber
lon move den via convoy
lvp move edi
mos support war move ukr
mun move bur
nap move apu
nth convoy lon move den
par move gas
rom move tys
ruh move mun
rum support tri move ser
ser move bud
sev support rum
tri move vie
tun support tys move ion
tyr support ruh move mun
tys move ion
war move ukr
yor move lon
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army/dislodged kie
England: fleet kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
kie move ruh
nth move nwy
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
adr move ven
alb support tri
apu support adr move ven
ber support kie
bla support sev
bud support ser move tri
bul support gre move ser
bur move mar
con move aeg
eng move mid
gas move spa
gre move ser
hel move den
hol move kie
ion move tun
kie move den
mos support ukr
mun move ber
nth move den
nwy move nth
ruh support hol move kie
rum move bud
ser move tri
sev support mos move stp
stp move mos
tri move vie
tun move wes
tyr move vie
tys move nap
ukr support bud move rum
yor support lon
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: supply hol
France: army kie
England: fleet/dislodged kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
kie move den
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Army con
build Fleet lvp
build Fleet rom
remove tyr
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move adr
apu move adr
ber move mun
bla support sev
bud support ukr move rum
bul move ser
con move bul
edi move yor
hel move den
kie move ber
lvp move iri
mid support wes move spa
mar move bur
mos move lvn
mun support kie move ber
nap move ion
nth move den
nwy move swe
rom move tys
ruh move bur
rum support ser move bud
ser move bud
sev support mos
spa hold
stp move mos
tri move vie
tun move tys
ukr move mos
ven support tri
wes move spa/sc
yor move nth
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: army/dislodged ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Italy: army/dislodged bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army/dislodged spa
Germany: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
ber move sil
bud move tri
spa move gas
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move tri
apu hold
ber hold
bla move sev
bud support alb move tri
bul hold
gas move spa
hel move den
iri move mid
lvn move war
mid move bre
mar support gas move spa
mun hold
nap hold
nth move hol
rom hold
ruh move kie
rum support bud
ser support alb move tri
sev move mos
sil move mun
spa/sc hold
swe move nwy
tri support vie move bud
tun hold
ukr move mos
ven support tri
vie support tri move bud
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
France: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Turkey: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
spa/sc move wes
tri move tyr
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
