PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move pru
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar support par move bur
mos move stp
mun move sil
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move nap
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move rom
vie move gal
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move bla
bot move bal
bul move gre
bur move bel
con move bul
den move swe
gal support ukr move war
ion convoy nap move tun
mid move por
mar move spa
nap move tun via convoy
nth convoy yor move nwy
nrg support yor move nwy
pru support sil move war
rom move apu
ser support alb move gre
sev move rum
sil move war
stp move fin
ukr move war
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet sev
build Fleet smy
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bal move swe
bel move hol
bla support bul move rum
bre move eng
bul move rum
con move bul
fin support bal move swe
gal support vie move boh
gre support ser move bul
ion move aeg
kie move hel
lon move eng
mar move gol
nap move ion
nth move hol
nrg move bar
nwy move stp
par move bur
por move mid
pru move ber
rum support sev move bla
ser move bul
sev move bla
sil move mun
smy move con
spa move mar
swe move den
tri move tyr
ukr move war
vie move boh
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
apu move rom
bar move nwy
bel support hel move hol
ber move mun
bla support con move bul
boh move mun
bre move eng
bul support gre
con move bul
den hold
fin support swe move nwy
gal move sil
gre support bul
hel move hol
ion move tys
lon move eng
gol move spa/sc
mid move nat
mar move gas
mun move ruh
nth support bar move nwy
rum support sev move bla
sev move bla
smy move con
swe move nwy
tyr move ven
war move lvn
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Turkey: fleet/dislodged bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bla move ank
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet lvp
build Army mun
build Fleet tri
remove tun
build Army vie
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
bar support nth move nwy
ber support mun move sil
bla move arm
boh support vie move tyr
bre move eng
bul support bla move con
bur support bel
con move bul
den support hol move nth
fin support swe move nwy
gas move mar
gre move ion
hol move nth
ion move adr
lon move eng
lvn move mos
lvp move cly
nth move nwy
ruh move mun
rum move bla
sil support boh
smy move aeg
spa/sc move mid
stp move mos
swe move nwy
tri move alb
tys move tus
ven move apu
vie move tyr
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Russia: fleet arm
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nth move ska
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Russia: fleet arm
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg support con move bul
alb move tri
ank move bla
apu move nap
arm move ank
bar support stp
ber support mun
boh move mun
bre move eng
bul move gre
bur support bel
cly move lvp
con move bul
den hold
fin support lvn move stp
ion move tun
lon move eng
lvn move stp
mid support bre move eng
mun hold
nat move lvp
nth move edi
rom move nap
ruh move hol
rum move bul/ec
sil move war
ska move nwy
stp move mos
swe move nwy
tus move rom
tyr move ven
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet kie
remove mos
remove tus
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg hold
ank move con
apu move nap
bar move nwy
bel move wal via convoy
ber move pru
bla move sev
boh move tyr
bud move ser
bul move rum
bur move bel
cly move lvp
den move nth
eng convoy bel move wal
fin move stp
gre support bud move ser
hol move kie
kie move bal
lon move wal
mid move iri
mun hold
nat move lvp
rom move ven
rum move bul/ec
ska support swe move den
stp move mos
swe hold
tri support tyr move ven
tun move wes
tyr move ven
war move ukr
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Austria: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support rom move ven
aeg move con
bal support kie move den
bel move wal via convoy
boh move gal
bul move rum
bur move gas
con support ser move bul
edi hold
eng convoy bel move wal
gre support ser move bul
iri support nat move lvp
kie move den
lon move nth
mar move spa
mos move sev
mun hold
nat move lvp
nap move rom
nth support eng move lon
nwy support lon move nth
pru move lvn
rom move ven
rum support mos move sev
ser move bul
sev support bul move rum
ska move den
stp move mos
swe move den
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
ukr move war
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet/dislodged nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
nth move bel
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove cly
build Fleet kie
remove rom
remove ska
build Army vie
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move smy
bal convoy lvn move swe
bel move nth
bud move gal
bul hold
con move bla
den support lvn move swe
edi support bel move nth
eng support wal move lon
gal move boh
gas move spa
gre support bul
iri move mid
kie move hol
lvn move swe
mar support gas move spa
mos support rum move sev
mun hold
nap move rom
nth move hel
nwy move ska
rum move sev
sev move arm
stp support mos
swe move den
tri move adr
tyr move pie
vie move tyr
wal move lon
war move sil
wes move gol
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
swe move nwy
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
arm move ank
bal move ber
bla move ank
boh support tyr move mun
bul move con
den hold
eng move mid
gal move sil
hel move kie
hol move kie
ion move tun
gol move wes
mid move naf
mar support spa
mos move war
mun hold
nth move hol
nwy hold
pie move mar
sev move arm
sil move pru
ska move den
smy move con
spa support mar
stp support nwy
swe support den
tyr move mun
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun move ruh
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove arm
remove hel
build Army mos
build Army par
remove ska
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move bal
bla move con
boh move mun
bul support bla move con
den support hol move kie
edi move nrg
hol move kie
ion support wes move tun
lvp move iri
mid move wes
mos move stp
mun move bur
naf support mid move wes
nth move nwy
nwy move swe
par move bur
pie move mar
pru move ber
ruh move mun
sev move bla
sil support pru move ber
smy move con
stp move fin
swe move fin
tun move tys
war move pru
wes move tun
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support kie
ber hold
bla move con
boh move mun
bul move arm via convoy
con move aeg
den support kie
gre hold
ion support tun
iri move mid
kie hold
mar support par move bur
mos hold
mun move bur
naf move tun
nth move nwy
nrg support nth move nwy
nwy hold
par move bur
pie move mar
pru support stp move lvn
ruh support kie
sil support ber
smy move con
spa support mar
stp move lvn
swe support nth move nwy
tun hold
tys support naf move tun
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Russia: fleet/dislodged nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
nwy move ska
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bre
build Fleet stp/nc
build Fleet tri
remove tys
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support bla move con
bal support kie
ber hold
bla move con
boh move mun
bre move pic
bul move gre
den hold
gre move nap via convoy
ion convoy gre move nap
kie hold
lvn move stp
mid move wes
mar support par move bur
mos support lvn move stp
mun move bur
nrg move nth
nwy support nrg move nth
par move bur
pie move mar
rom move tus
ruh move mun
sil support ber
ska move nth
smy move con
stp/nc move bar
swe hold
tri move adr
tun support wes move tys
wes move tys
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move apu
aeg support con move smy
bal move swe
bar move nrg
ber hold
boh move tyr
con move smy
den support kie
ion move nap
kie hold
mar support par move bur
mos support pru move lvn
mun support ber
nap move rom
nth move ska
nwy move nrg
par move bur
pic support par move bur
pie move mar
pru move lvn
ruh move mun
sil support ber
ska move swe
smy hold
stp move fin
swe move nwy
tus support nap move rom
wes move gol
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: fleet smy
Turkey: fleet/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
smy disband
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet stp/nc
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
apu move ion
bal move bot
bar support stp/nc move nwy
den hold
fin support stp/nc move nwy
gre move alb
kie hold
lvn move pru
gol convoy spa move tus
mar move pie
mos hold
mun support ber
nap move tys
nth support nwy
nwy hold
rom support tus
sil support ber
ska support stp/nc move nwy
smy move eas
spa move tus via convoy
stp/nc move nwy
swe support nwy
tri move adr
tus support pie
tyr support mun
tys support spa move tus
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Germany: fleet/dislodged nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nwy move nrg
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support aeg move ion
aeg support eas move ion
alb move ser
apu move nap
bar support nwy
bot support swe move fin
den move swe
eas move ion
fin support ska move swe
kie hold
mos move stp
mun support ber move kie
nap move rom
nth move den
nrg move bar
nwy support ska move swe
pie hold
pru support ber
rom move ven
ruh support kie
sil support mun
ska move swe
spa move gas
swe move fin
tus support nap move rom
tyr support pie
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove nth
remove nrg
build Fleet sev
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move apu
aeg move ion
bar move nrg
ber move kie
bot support den move swe
bur support pic move bel
den move swe
fin support den move swe
ion move tys
kie hold
lon move yor
gol support tys
nap move rom
nwy support swe
pic move bel
pie support rom move tus
pru move lvn
rom move tus
ruh support kie
ser move bud
sev move bla
sil support mun
stp support nwy
swe hold
tun support tys
tus move ven
tyr support pie
ven move tri
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
swe move ska
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
apu move nap
bel move hol
ber move kie
bla move con
bot move swe
bud hold
bur move bel
fin support swe move nwy
gas move mar
ion move tys
kie move den
lvn support stp
gol support tys
mar move bur
mun support ber move kie
nrg move nth
nwy support stp
pie support tus
rom support ion move tys
ruh move kie
sil move ber
ska support nwy
stp support nwy
swe move nwy
tri move vie
tun support tys
tus hold
tyr support mun
ven support pie
yor move edi
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bot
build Fleet bre
remove fin
build Army par
remove ruh
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bel support bur move ruh
ber support kie
bre move eng
bud move vie
bur move ruh
con move aeg
den move hel
hol support bur move ruh
ion move tys
kie support ska move den
lvn move pru
gol support tys
mar support par move bur
mun move bur
nap support ion move tys
nth move lon
nwy move swe
par move bur
pie hold
rom support ion move tys
ska move den
stp move fin
swe move fin
tri move adr
tun support tys
tus support ion move tys
tyr support pie
ven support tus
vie move boh
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: fleet tys
France: fleet/dislodged tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
tys move wes
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move apu
aeg move ion
ber support kie
boh support mun
den support nwy move swe
eng move nth
hel move nth
hol support ruh move kie
ion move tun
kie support den
lon hold
mun hold
nap move rom
nwy move swe
pie move ven
pru move sil
rom move tus
ruh move kie
stp move lvn
swe hold
tus move pie
tyr support tus move pie
tys support ion move tun
ven move tri
vie move gal
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: fleet pie
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army/dislodged swe
Russia: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
France: fleet/dislodged tun
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
swe disband
tun move naf
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: fleet pie
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bel
remove hel
build Army mos
build Fleet stp/nc
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: fleet pie
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu move nap
ber support kie
boh support mun
den move nth
edi move yor
hol support ruh move kie
ion move tys
kie hold
lon support den move nth
lvn hold
gol support wes
mos move stp
mun hold
naf support wes
pie move gol
rom support ion move tys
ruh move kie
sil support mun
stp/nc move nwy
swe move bal
tun support tys move wes
tus support pie move gol
tyr support ven move pie
tys move wes
ven move pie
wes support gol
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: fleet/dislodged gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
gol move spa/sc
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
bal convoy lvn move den
ber support kie
boh move mun
bur support mar
eng move bel
gal move boh
ion support tun
kie hold
lon hold
lvn move den via convoy
gol move mar
mun move bur
naf support wes
nth support lon
nwy move nrg
pie support gol move mar
sil move pru
spa/sc support wes
stp move nwy
tri move ven
tun support tys move wes
tus move gol
tyr support boh move mun
tys move wes
yor move edi
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: army/dislodged mar
Austria: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
mar move gas
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army mos
remove ruh
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal convoy pru move den
bel support hol
ber move kie
boh move sil
bur support gas
den move yor via convoy
gal move boh
gas move mar
ion move tys
kie move ruh
lon support den move yor
gol move spa/sc
mar support gol move spa
mos move war
mun move bur
nth convoy den move yor
nrg convoy nwy move cly
nwy move cly via convoy
pie support mar
pru move den via convoy
spa/sc support gas move mar
stp/nc move nwy
tun support tys move wes
tys move wes
war move pru
wes move gol
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army cly
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
France: fleet/dislodged wes
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
wes disband
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army cly
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
bal convoy pru move swe
bel support hol
boh move sil
cly move lvp
den move edi via convoy
gas support spa/sc
hol support bel
lon move eng
gol support mar
mar hold
mun support ruh move bur
naf move mid
nth convoy den move edi
nrg move nat
nwy move nrg
pie move mar
pru move swe via convoy
rom move tys
ruh move bur
sil move ber
tun support wes move naf
tys move wes
ven move tus
vie move boh
war move pru
wes move naf
yor support den move edi
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: army edi
France: army/dislodged edi
France: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
France: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Austria: fleet mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Russia: fleet naf
Russia: fleet nat
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
bur move par
edi disband
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Austria: fleet mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Russia: fleet naf
Russia: fleet nat
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army war
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Austria: fleet mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Russia: fleet naf
Russia: fleet nat
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
bal convoy pru move swe
bel support hol
ber move kie
boh move mun
edi move yor
eng move bre
gas move par
hol support bel
kie move hol
lvp move wal
gol support mar move spa
mid support spa/sc
mar move spa/sc
mun move ruh
naf move mid
nat support naf move mid
nth move hel
nrg move nth
par move bre
pie move mar
pru move swe via convoy
sil move ber
stp/nc move nwy
swe move den
tun move naf
war move pru
wes move spa/sc
yor move lon
PHASE 1913 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Russia: army lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Russia: fleet mid
France: fleet/dislodged mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Russia: fleet naf
Russia: fleet nat
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
France: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army wal
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
mid move iri
spa/sc disband
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Russia: army lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Russia: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Russia: fleet naf
Russia: fleet nat
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army wal
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
bal move bot
bel support hol
ber move kie
bur support mar move gas
eng support nat move iri
gas support par
hel support kie move hol
hol support bel
iri move lvp
kie move hol
lon hold
gol convoy tus move mar
mid move por
mar move gas
mun support ber move kie
naf support wes move mid
nat move iri
nap move ion
nth support kie move hol
nwy move nrg
par support gas
pru move war
ruh support kie move hol
sil move ber
swe move nwy
tus move mar via convoy
tyr move boh
wal move lvp
wes move mid
yor support wal move lvp
PHASE 1913 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Austria: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
France: fleet/dislodged iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Russia: army lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Russia: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Russia: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Russia: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
iri disband
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Russia: army lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Russia: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Russia: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Russia: fleet por
Russia: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
build Army mos
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Russia: army lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Russia: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Russia: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Russia: fleet por
Russia: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
boh move mun
bot move stp/sc
bur support mar move gas
den move swe
eng convoy lon move pic
gas move bre
hel move den
hol support ruh move bel
ion move gre
iri move wal
lon move pic via convoy
lvp hold
gol support spa/sc
mid support mar move gas
mar move gas
mun move ruh
naf move tun
nth move nrg
nrg move nat
nwy hold
par support gas move bre
ruh move bel
tri move tyr
tus move pie
tys move rom
yor move lon
PHASE 1914 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army bel
France: fleet/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Austria: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Russia: army lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Russia: fleet mid
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Russia: army pic
Austria: army pie
Russia: fleet por
Russia: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel disband
PHASE 1914 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Austria: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Russia: army lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Russia: fleet mid
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Russia: army pic
Austria: army pie
Russia: fleet por
Russia: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel hold
bre support par
bur support gas move par
den hold
eng support pic move bre
gas move par
hol support bel
lon hold
lvp move edi
gol support spa/sc
mid support pic move bre
mos hold
nat move cly
nrg move bar
nwy hold
par support bre
pic move bre
por hold
ruh support bel
swe hold
tun hold
wal move lvp
war hold
PHASE 1914 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Austria: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Russia: army bre
France: army/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Russia: army lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Russia: fleet mid
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Austria: army par
France: army/dislodged par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
Russia: fleet por
Russia: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bre disband
par move pic
PHASE 1914 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Russia: army bre
Russia: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Russia: army lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Russia: fleet mid
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
Russia: fleet por
Russia: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove pic
build Army sev
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1915 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Russia: army bre
Russia: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Russia: army lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Russia: fleet mid
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Austria: army pie
Russia: fleet por
Russia: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
