PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move eng
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move hol
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun move tyr
nap move ion
par move pic
rom support ven
sev move rum
smy hold
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven hold
vie move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
bot move swe
bre move eng
bul hold
con move bla
ion move tun
kie move den
lon move eng
nth convoy yor move nwy
pic move bel
rom move ven
rum hold
ser support alb move gre
smy move con
spa move por
stp move nwy
ven move tri
vie move tri
war hold
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army bud
build Fleet kie
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army sev
build Army tri
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move arm
bel hold
bla support bul move rum
bre move eng
bud move ser
bul move rum
con move bul
gre support ser move bul
hol move nth
kie move hol
lon move eng
mar move gol
mos move sev
mun move ruh
nap move ion
nth convoy yor move nwy
par move bur
por move spa
rom move nap
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev move arm
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri support bud move ser
tun move tys
tyr move mun
ven hold
vie move bud
war move sil
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move arm
bel support bur
bla support rum
bre move mid
bud support sev move rum
bul support sev move rum
bur support bel
con move bul
gre support bul
hol support nth move bel
ion move tys
kie move ber
lon move eng
gol move wes
mos move sev
mun support ruh move bur
nap move rom
nth move bel
ruh move bur
rum support con move bul
ser support bul
sev move rum
sil support mun
spa hold
swe support nth move den
tri move alb
tys move wes
ven move pie
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army/dislodged bel
England: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bel move pic
bur move gas
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet lvp
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
bud support bul move rum
bul move rum
bur move gas
con move bul
den move kie
eng move bre
gas support mid move bre
gre move aeg
hol move nth
ion move tun
lvp move iri
gol move wes
mid move bre
mos support sev
mun move bur
nwy support swe
pic move par
pie move mar
rom move ven
rum support con move bul
ser support bul move rum
sev support bul move rum
sil move war
spa move mar
swe move ska
tys move gol
vie move gal
war move ukr
yor move lon
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move smy
arm move sev
bel support lon move pic
ber move bal
bla support arm move sev
bud support ukr move rum
bul hold
bur move par
eng convoy lon move pic
gal support ukr move rum
gas support spa move mar
gre support rum move bul
iri move mid
kie move den
lon move pic via convoy
mid move spa/nc
mos support sev
mun move bur
nth move nwy
nwy move den via convoy
par move bre
pie move mar
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sev support ukr move rum
ska convoy nwy move den
spa move mar
ukr move rum
wes move gol
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Austria: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bul disband
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove gas
build Army mun
build Fleet stp/sc
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move ank
bal move swe
bel move hol
bla move con
bre move gas
bud move tri
bul move con
bur support pie move mar
eng move bre
gal move bud
gre move bul
kie move den
gol move tys
mid support eng move bre
mar support bre move gas
mos move lvn
mun move sil
nth move ska
par move bre
pic support eng move bre
pie move tyr
rum support sev
ser support gre move bul
sev hold
ska move swe
smy support bul move con
spa/nc support wes move mid
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
tun move ion
ven move tri
war move sil
wes move mid
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
England: fleet/dislodged mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mid move por
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move con
bal move den
bla support ank move con
bot move swe
bre move mid
bud move tri
bul support alb move gre
bur move bel
con support bul
den move kie
gal move vie
gas move bur
hol move kie
ion move eas
lvn move pru
mid support spa/nc move por
mar support gas move bur
mun hold
nth move lon
nwy support bot move swe
pic move bel
por hold
rum support sev
ser support bud move tri
sev move arm
ska move nth
smy support con
spa/nc move por
tyr move tri
tys move ion
ven support tyr move tri
war move sil
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Germany: army/dislodged bur
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove bla
build Fleet edi
build Army lvp
remove mid
remove spa/nc
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank hold
arm move ank
bal support ber
ber support mun
bre move mid
bud support ser move tri
bul move gre
bur move ruh
con support arm move ank
den move kie
edi move nth
gre move aeg
hol support edi move nth
lon move wal
lvp move wal
mar move bur
mun support vie move tyr
nth convoy nwy move yor
nwy move yor via convoy
por move spa/sc
pru support sil
rum move gal
ser move tri
sil support pru
smy support gre move aeg
swe move bot
tri move adr
vie move tyr
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army/dislodged tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nth move den
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg support adr move ion
bal move den
ber move sil
bot move swe
bud move vie
bur move mun
con move bul
den move kie
gal move boh
hol move nth
kie support bal move den
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mid move spa/sc
mun support ber move sil
nth move bel
nwy support bot move swe
par move bre
pic move bre
pru move ber
ruh support bur move mun
sil support pru move ber
smy move eas
spa/sc move mar
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Russia: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
den move ska
mun move tyr
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet edi
build Army lvp
remove par
remove ruh
build Fleet stp/sc
build Army war
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg convoy gre move smy
ank move arm
bel move hol
ber move kie
boh support vie move tyr
bud move gal
bul move rum
den move nth
edi move nth
gre move smy via convoy
hol move hel
ion move tun
kie support tyr move mun
lon support den move nth
lvp move wal
mar move gol
mun support ber move kie
pic move par
ska support swe move den
smy move con
spa/sc move wes
stp/sc move bot
swe move den
tri move ven
tyr move mun
ven move rom
vie support bud move gal
war move pru
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
arm move sev
ber move kie
boh move vie
bot hold
con move ank
den support ber move kie
edi move nth
gal move ukr
hel move kie
kie move den
lon support nth
gol move tys
mun support ber move kie
nth support lon
pru support sil move war
rom move nap
rum move sev
sil move war
ska support den
smy support con move ank
tun support aeg move ion
tyr support vie move boh
ven move pie
vie move boh
wal support yor move lon
yor move lon
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: army/dislodged boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Germany: army/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
Germany: fleet/dislodged lon
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
boh move gal
kie move ruh
lon move eng
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove eng
build Army lvp
remove nth
remove ruh
build Army tri
remove tyr
build Army vie
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move arm
arm move sev
boh support bud move gal
bot move swe
bud move gal
den support kie
edi move nth
gal move rum
ion support tun
kie support den
lvp move yor
mun hold
nap support tys move rom
nwy move stp
par move bur
pie move mar
pru move war
rum support ukr move sev
ska move nth
smy support ank move arm
tri move ven
tun support wes move tys
tys move rom
ukr move sev
vie support bud move gal
war move mos
wes move gol
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Russia: army/dislodged arm
Austria: fleet arm
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Austria: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
England: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
arm move syr
gal move sil
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: fleet arm
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Austria: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
England: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
arm support ukr move sev
boh support gal
bur move mar
den move kie
edi move nrg
gal support boh
hol move nth
ion move tys
kie move ruh
gol support bur move mar
mos support war
mun support den move kie
nap move rom
rum support ukr move sev
sil support war
ska move den
stp move lvn
swe move nwy
syr support eas move smy
tun support ion move tys
ukr move sev
ven support nap move rom
vie move tyr
war hold
yor move edi
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: fleet arm
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
Austria: army/dislodged mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
England: fleet/dislodged rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mar move spa
rom disband
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: fleet arm
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet lvp
remove syr
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: fleet arm
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move bla
boh move mun
bud move gal
den move ska
edi move hol via convoy
gal move sil
hel support edi move hol
kie support ruh move hol
lvn move stp
lvp move nat
gol support mar move spa
mar move spa
mos move sev
mun move bur
nth convoy edi move hol
nrg move bar
nwy move bar
rom move tus
rum support sev move ukr
sev move ukr
sil move boh
smy move arm
spa move mar
tri move adr
tun move wes
tyr support boh move mun
tys move gol
ven move pie
vie support bud move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
boh move vie
bur move par
gal support ukr move war
hol support lon move bel
kie move ber
lon move bel via convoy
gol support mar move spa
mar move spa
mun support vie move boh
nat move nrg
nth convoy lon move bel
nrg move bar
nwy move bar
pie move mar
ruh move bel
rum support arm move sev
sev move mos
sil support ukr move war
ska move nwy
spa move por
stp support sev move mos
tyr support mun
tys move gol
ukr move war
vie move boh
war support sev move mos
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
Austria: army por
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
war move lvn
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
Austria: army por
Austria: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
