PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move eng
con move bul
kie move hol
mar move pie
mos move ukr
mun hold
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move ven
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
ven move tyr
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bla support con move bul
bot move swe
bul move gre
con move bul
edi move nth
eng support pic move bel
gal support rum
hol move bel
ion move tun
kie move hol
lon move wal
lvp move yor
mun support pie move tyr
pic move bel
pie move mar
rum hold
tyr move tri
ukr move sev
ven support tyr move tri
PHASE 1901 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: fleet/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet con
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army rom
build Army smy
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bel move hol
bla support bul move rum
bul move rum
con move aeg
eng move nth
gal move bud
gre move ser
mar move spa
nap move tys
nth move nwy
par move bur
rom move ven
rum move sev
sev move rum
smy move arm
stp/nc move nwy
swe support stp/nc move nwy
tri support gre move ser
tun move wes
ven move pie
wal move iri
war hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move gre
arm move sev
bel move hol
bla support arm move sev
bur move mar
eng move lon
gal move rum
rum support tri move bud
ser support rum
sev move arm
spa hold
swe move ska
war move ukr
yor move hol
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
sev move mos
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet bre
build Fleet con
build Army par
build Fleet smy
remove yor
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move con
bel move hol
bla support sev move rum
bre move eng
con move aeg
gal support rum move bud
gre move ion
lon move yor
mar move pie
mos move sev
nwy move nrg
par move bur
rum move bud
ser support rum move bud
sev move rum
ska move den
smy move eas
spa move por
ukr move war
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bel move hol
bla move con
bud support gal move vie
bur move ruh
con move bul
den hold
eas support aeg move ion
eng move wal
gal move vie
ion move nap
mar move pie
nrg move edi
por hold
rum support bud
ser move tri
sev hold
war move sil
yor move edi
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army mos
build Army smy
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army war
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
bel move hol
bre move mid
bud support ser move tri
bul move gre
con move aeg
den move hel
eas convoy smy move apu
ion convoy smy move apu
mar move bur
mos move lvn
nap move rom
nrg move edi
por move spa
ruh support bel move hol
rum hold
ser move tri
sev move ukr
smy move apu via convoy
stp/nc move nwy
vie support bud move tri
wal move lvp
war move pru
yor move edi
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
apu move ven
bud support tri
bur move mun
eas move ion
gre hold
hel move hol
ion move tun
lvn move pru
lvp hold
mid move wes
nrg move edi
pru move ber
rom hold
ruh support bur move mun
rum move bul
sil support pru move ber
spa hold
tri support apu move ven
ukr move gal
vie move tyr
yor move edi
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet bre
build Fleet con
build Army mar
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Army war
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move eng
bud move tri
bul move ser
con move aeg
gal move boh
gre move alb
hel support ber move kie
hol support ruh move kie
ion move tun
lvp move cly
mar move pie
mun hold
nrg support nwy move nth
nwy move nth
par move pic
pru move ber
rom move tys
ruh move kie
sil move mun
smy move eas
tri move ven
tun move naf
tyr support sil move mun
ven move tus
war move sil
wes move gol
yor move edi
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mun move bur
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb hold
ber move kie
bur move mun
cly support edi
con move bul
eas hold
edi hold
eng move lon
hel support ber move kie
hol hold
ion move tun
gol support pie
mun support ber move kie
naf move mid
nrg move nth
pic move bel
pie hold
ruh support hol
ser hold
spa hold
tri support ven
tun move wes
tus move pie
tys move gol
ven support tus move pie
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Germany: army/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: army/dislodged pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
pie move mar
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army mos
build Army smy
build Army war
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move bre via convoy
boh support tyr move mun
bul hold
eas hold
hel support kie move hol
ion convoy alb move bre
kie move hol
mid convoy alb move bre
mos move lvn
mun move ruh
nth support kie move hol
pie move mar
pru move sil
ser move tri
sil move ber
smy hold
tri move ven
tun move naf
tyr move mun
tys convoy alb move bre
ven move tus
war move pru
wes convoy alb move bre
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Turkey: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
