PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun hold
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move tus
sev move rum
stp/sc move bot
tri move adr
ven move tri
vie move tyr
war move sil
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr support tyr move tri
bot move swe
bul move gre
con move aeg
den move swe
ion move gre
kie move hol
mid move por
mun move ber
nth move nwy
pic move bel
ser move gre
sil move ber
smy move con
tri hold
tus move pie
tyr move tri
ukr move gal
yor hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
tri move vie
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Army mar
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army rom
build Army sev
build Fleet smy
build Army ven
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg support bul move gre
ber move pru
bot move swe
bre move mid
bul move gre
con move bul
den move swe
gal move bud
ion move gre
kie move ber
lon move nth
mar move pie
mun move sil
nap move ion
nwy hold
par move bur
pie move ven
por move spa/sc
rum move bul/ec
ser move gre
sev move arm
sil move boh
smy move eas
spa move gas
tri move vie
vie move bud
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
aeg support eas move ion
arm move sev
bel support yor move hol
ber move mun
boh move sil
bot move swe
bur move mun
con move bul
den move swe
eas move ion
gal move war
gas move par
gre support con move bul
hol support yor move bel
ion move gre
mid move naf
nap move ion
nth convoy yor move hol
nwy support bot move swe
pie move tyr
pru move lvn
rum support con move bul
ser move tri
sil move war
spa/sc move wes
tri move ven
vie move bud
yor move hol
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
England: army hol
Germany: army/dislodged hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
build Fleet lon
build Army rom
build Army stp
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg support ion
bel move ruh
ber move mun
boh move mun
bud move ser
bul move ser
bur move mun
con move bul
den move nth
eng hold
gal move war
gre support bul move ser
hol move kie
ion hold
lon move nth
lvn support sil move war
mar move pie
naf move tun
nap move ion
nth move hel
nwy move ska
par move pic
rom move ven
sev move mos
sil move war
stp support sev move mos
swe move den
tri support ven move tyr
tyr move tri
ven move tyr
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army/dislodged tyr
Austria: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
tyr move vie
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg move gre
ber support den move kie
boh move sil
bud move ser
bul support ser
bur move mun
den move kie
eng support lon move nth
gal move war
gre move alb
hel support kie
ion hold
kie hold
lon move nth
lvn support war
mos support gal move war
nap move ion
pie move ven
rom move ven
ruh support bur move mun
ser hold
ska move den
stp move lvn
swe support ska move den
tri move vie
tyr support tri move vie
vie move tri
war hold
wes move tys
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Italy: army/dislodged vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Germany: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
vie move boh
war move ukr
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army con
build Fleet edi
build Army lon
remove lvn
build Fleet mar
remove nap
remove ukr
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tyr move tri
alb move tri
bud move tri
bul move gre
con move bul
den move bal
gre move alb
hel move kie
ion move adr
kie move ber
lon move nwy
mar move gol
mos move war
mun support kie move ber
nth convoy lon move nwy
pic move bur
pie move tus
rom move ven
ser support alb move tri
stp move lvn
swe hold
tyr move tri
tys move nap
vie hold
war move gal
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
Germany: army/dislodged ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tyr move tri
alb move adr
bal move swe
ber hold
bud move tri
bul hold
eng hold
gal support sil move boh
gre move alb
ion support alb move adr
kie move bal
lvn move stp
gol move tys
nap support tus move rom
nth hold
nwy support bal move swe
rum hold
ser support tri
sil move boh
tri hold
tus move rom
tyr move tri
ven hold
vie support tyr move tri
war hold
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Austria: fleet/dislodged adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move apu
swe move ska
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet con
build Fleet edi
build Army lon
build Army lvp
build Fleet mar
build Army par
remove war
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr convoy alb move apu
alb move apu
bal move bot
ber move kie
boh move vie
bud support tri
bul move ser
bur move mar
con move aeg
edi move nth
eng convoy lon move bel
gal support ser move bud
ion support alb move apu
lon move bel
lvp move yor
mar move gol
mun move tyr
nap support tys move ion
nth move nwy
nwy move fin
par move bur
ruh move mun
ser move bud
ska move den
swe support nth move nwy
tri support boh move vie
tun support tys move ion
tys move ion
ven move tri
vie move tri
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: army bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ion move alb
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: army bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
aeg support alb move ion
alb move ion
apu support tri move ven
bel move ruh
boh move vie
bot support fin move stp
bud support gal move vie
bur move mun
eng hold
fin move stp
gal support boh move vie
ion move gre
kie support swe move den
gol move tys
mar move pie
mun move sil
nth convoy yor move hol
nwy hold
rom support tyr move ven
ser move tri
swe move den
tri move ven
tun move ion
tyr move ven
ven hold
vie hold
yor move hol
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Russia: fleet/dislodged den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: army/dislodged stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
den move ska
stp move mos
ven disband
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army con
build Army lon
build Fleet lvp
build Fleet mar
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven
apu move nap
bot move swe
bud move ser
con move bul
den move ska
eng hold
gal move war
hol move kie
ion support apu move nap
kie move ber
lon move hol
mar move gol
mun move tyr
nap support tys move ion
nth convoy lon move hol
nwy support den move ska
pie support tyr move ven
rom support tyr move ven
ruh hold
rum move bla
ska move nwy
stp move mos
tri support ven
tun support tys move ion
tyr move ven
tys move ion
ven move rom
vie move boh
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
Turkey: army/dislodged ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ion move alb
ven move tus
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
France: army tyr
France: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tus move ven
aeg support bul move gre
alb move ion
apu support tus move ven
ber move pru
bla move con
boh move vie
bul move gre
eng move mid
hol move kie
ion move eas
kie move ber
gol move tys
nth move eng
nwy move ska
pie support ven
rom support ven
ser move rum
sil move mun
ska move nth
stp move mos
swe move bal
tri support tus move ven
tun move ion
tus move ven
tyr move vie
ven hold
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet mar
build Army sev
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support alb move ion
aeg support smy move eas
alb move ion
apu support ven move rom
bal convoy kie move lvn
ber move sil
boh move vie
eas move aeg
eng move mid
gre move bul
kie move lvn
mid move wes
mar move gol
mun support ber move sil
nap support tys move ion
nth move eng
pie move ven
pru support ber move sil
rom support pie move ven
rum move ukr
ska move nth
smy move eas
stp support kie move lvn
tri move vie
tun support tys move ion
tyr support pie move ven
tys move ion
ven move rom
war move lvn
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: fleet/dislodged eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
Turkey: army rom
France: army/dislodged rom
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
eas move syr
rom move tus
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
Turkey: army rom
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: fleet syr
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move con
alb move gre
apu support rom move nap
boh move vie
bul support aeg move con
eas move smy
eng move mid
ion move gre
lvn move mos
gol move tys
mid move wes
mos hold
nap support tus move rom
nth move eng
pru support sil move war
rom move nap
ruh move kie
sev support mos
sil move war
stp support lvn move mos
tri hold
tus move rom
tyr move tri
ukr move rum
ven support tus move rom
war move gal
wes move gol
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Russia: fleet/dislodged con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
France: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: fleet syr
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
con move ank
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: fleet syr
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove gal
build Army lon
build Army mar
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: fleet syr
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
alb move gre
apu support nap move rom
bal move den
bul move rum
con move bla
eng convoy lon move bel
ion support tys move nap
kie move ber
lon move bel
lvn support stp move mos
mar move bur
mun move boh
nap move rom
pru move sil
rom support tys move nap
rum move bud
smy move con
stp move mos
tri move ven
tyr move tri
tys move nap
ven support tyr move tri
war support stp move mos
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
France: army/dislodged rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: fleet syr
France: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army ven
France: army/dislodged ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
mos move ukr
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: fleet syr
France: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support gre move ion
ank move con
apu move ven
ber support sil move mun
bla support con move ank
boh move vie
bud support adr move tri
bur move mun
con move ank
den move nth
eng move mid
gre move ion
ion move eas
lvn move mos
gol move mar
mid move por
mos move ukr
nap hold
rom hold
rum support ukr
sev support ukr move mos
sil move mun
tri support boh move vie
tun move ion
ukr move mos
ven move tri
vie move bud
war support mos move ukr
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Russia: fleet/dislodged ank
Russia: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: fleet syr
France: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
ank disband
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: fleet syr
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Fleet lon
build Army lvp
remove nap
remove sev
build Fleet smy
remove tri
remove tun
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: fleet syr
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
ank move con
apu move nap
bel move ruh
ber support mun
bla move sev
boh move sil
bud support rum move gal
bur move ruh
edi move bel
ion move tun
lon move eng
lvn move mos
lvp move wal
mid support lon move eng
mos move ukr
mun support bel move ruh
nth convoy edi move bel
por move spa/sc
rom move tus
rum move gal
smy move aeg
spa/sc move wes
ukr move rum
ven move tyr
vie move tri
war support mos move ukr
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: fleet syr
France: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
England: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg move ion
bel move pic
ber support mun
bud move vie
con move bul/sc
eng convoy wal move bre
gal hold
mid support wal move bre
mos support ukr move sev
mun hold
nth move bel
ruh move bur
rum move ser
spa/sc move wes
tus move pie
tyr support bud move vie
ukr move sev
vie move tri
wal move bre
wes move tys
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
England: army bre
France: fleet/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
France: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
Turkey: army pie
England: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
England: army sev
Turkey: fleet/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: fleet syr
France: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Russia: army/dislodged vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bre move gas
vie disband
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
France: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
Turkey: army pie
England: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: fleet syr
France: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
