PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move pic
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move hol
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move sev
mun move bur
nap move tys
par move bur
rom move tus
sev move rum
smy move ank
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move pie
vie move bud
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move con
bot move swe
bud move ser
bul move rum
con move aeg
eng move bre
hol hold
kie move den
mun move bur
nth convoy yor move nwy
par move bur
pic move bre
pie hold
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev move arm
spa move mar
tus move tun via convoy
tys convoy tus move tun
ukr support rum
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
build Army bud
build Army kie
build Army lon
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
build Army sev
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
arm move smy
ber move bal
bud support ser
con move ank
den move kie
eng support lon move bel
gre move aeg
hol support lon move bel
kie move ruh
lon move bel via convoy
mar support par move bur
mos move stp
mun move bur
nap move tys
nth support lon move bel
nwy support den move swe
par move bur
pic move bre
pie move mar
rum move bla
ser support bul
sev move rum
tri move alb
tun hold
tys move gol
ukr move gal
vie move tri
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
alb move gre
bal move swe
bla move ank
bre move eng
bud support bul move rum
bul move rum
eng move mid
gal move sil
hol move bel
kie move den
lon move nwy via convoy
gol support pie move mar
mar move spa
mun move bur
nth convoy lon move nwy
nwy move fin
par move bur
pie move mar
ruh support hol move bel
ser support bud
smy support bla move ank
stp support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tri move vie
tun hold
tys move wes
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army/dislodged ank
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move arm
rum move ukr
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove arm
remove fin
build Fleet nap
build Army sev
build Army tri
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move con
bel move hol
bud move vie
bul/sc support gre move aeg
den move kie
gre move aeg
gol move spa/sc
mid move bre
mar support gol move spa
mun move bur
nap move ion
nth move hel
nwy hold
rum support ser
ser support rum
sev support ukr
sil move ber
smy support ank move con
stp move fin
swe move nwy
tri move tyr
ukr support sev
vie move boh
wes move mid
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: fleet/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: army/dislodged spa
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul/sc
ber support tyr move mun
boh support tyr move mun
con move ank
fin move swe
hel move den
ion move eas
mid move spa/nc
mar hold
nwy support fin move swe
ser support rum
smy support con move ank
spa/sc move por
tun hold
tyr move mun
ukr support sev
vie move tyr
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Germany: fleet/dislodged swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army con
build Fleet edi
build Fleet lvp
build Fleet nap
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army ven
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul/sc
ank move con
ber support mun move kie
boh support tyr move mun
bre move eng
bul/sc support ank move con
eas hold
edi move nth
lvp move nat
mar move bur
mun move kie
nap move ion
nwy move nrg
por move mid
rum support bul/sc
ser support rum
sev move arm
smy support ank move con
spa/nc support por move mid
stp/nc move nwy
tun hold
tyr move mun
ukr move sev
ven move pie
vie move tri
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Germany: army/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg convoy tun move con
arm support smy
boh move mun
bul/sc support tun move con
con support smy
den move bal
eas move smy
eng convoy lon move bel
ion convoy tun move con
kie support mun move ber
lon move bel via convoy
mid hold
mar move gas
mun move ber
nat move cly
nth move den
nrg support nwy move nth
nwy move nth
pie move mar
rum move ukr
ser move rum
sev move ukr
smy support con
spa/nc support mar move gas
swe move den
tri move tyr
tun move con via convoy
war move ukr
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Russia: army/dislodged ber
Russia: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
England: fleet cly
Italy: army con
Russia: fleet/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move sil
con move bla
nth move hol
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
England: fleet cly
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet edi
build Fleet lon
build Army nap
remove sil
build Army vie
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
England: fleet cly
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support nap move smy
arm move ank
bal move swe
bel move hol
ber move pru
bla support arm move ank
bud support vie move gal
bul/sc support con
cly move nrg
con support nap move smy
eas convoy nap move smy
edi support cly move nrg
eng move nth
gas support mar move bur
hol move hel
ion convoy nap move smy
kie support tyr move mun
lon support eng move nth
mid move nat
mar move bur
mun move sil
nap move smy via convoy
nth move den
nrg move nat
rum move ukr
ser move rum
sev move arm
smy support arm move ank
spa/nc move mid
swe support nth move den
tyr move mun
vie move gal
war move mos
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Russia: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet/dislodged nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: army smy
Russia: army/dislodged smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nrg disband
smy disband
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Russia: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
ank move arm
arm move syr
bal move swe
bla hold
bud move rum
bul/sc support aeg move con
bur support gas move par
con move ank
den move ska
eas support smy
edi move nrg
gal move war
gas move par
hel convoy hol move den
hol move den via convoy
ion support eas
kie support mun
lon support nth
mid move nat
mun support kie
nth support hol move den
pru support gal move war
rum move sev
sil move ber
smy support con move ank
spa/nc move mid
ukr support rum move sev
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
France: army/dislodged par
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Italy: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army rom
remove ska
remove syr
build Army tri
build Army ven
build Army vie
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
ank support smy move con
arm move sev
bal support den move swe
ber support kie
bla support arm move sev
bud move ser
bul/sc support con
bur move bel
con support bul/sc
den move swe
eas move aeg
edi move nrg
hel move den
ion support eas move aeg
kie support mun
lon move eng
mid move eng
mos support arm move sev
mun support kie
nat move lvp
nth move ska
par move bre
pru move lvn
rom move tus
rum support sev
sev support rum
smy move con
swe move nwy
tri move alb
ukr move mos
ven move tyr
vie move tyr
war support ukr move mos
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
Italy: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Italy: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
mos disband
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
Italy: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Italy: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support smy move con
alb move gre
ank support smy move con
arm support ank
bal move den
bel move hol
ber move kie
bla support con
bre hold
bul/sc support con
con support bul/sc
den move hel
edi move cly
ion move gre
kie move hol
lon move eng
lvn move stp
lvp hold
mid move eng
mos support lvn move stp
mun move bur
nrg move nat
nwy move stp
rum support bul/sc
ser support alb move gre
sev support rum
ska move nth
smy move con
ven move pie
vie move tri
war move ukr
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Austria: army bur
England: fleet cly
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
remove arm
remove bla
build Army bud
remove den
build Fleet nap
build Fleet rom
remove swe
build Army ven
build Army vie
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Austria: army bur
England: fleet cly
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support ank move con
ank move con
bel move hol
ber move mun
bre move par
bud move vie
bul/sc move con
bur move gas
cly support nat move lvp
con move bla
gre support rum move bul
hel move hol
ion move adr
kie support hel move hol
lon support nth move eng
lvp move wal
mid move eng
mos move stp
nat move lvp
nap move ion
nth move eng
nwy move fin
pie move mar
rom move tys
rum move bul
ser support gre
sev move arm
smy move arm
stp move fin
tri support vie move tyr
tus move pie
ukr move sev
ven move tri
vie move tyr
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
England: fleet cly
Italy: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven
aeg move gre
bel hold
bla support bul/sc move con
bul/sc move con
cly move nat
con move bul
eng support hol move bel
gas move spa
gre support rum move bul
hol move bel
ion move alb
kie move ruh
lon support eng
mid move bre
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun move bur
nwy move stp
par support mid move bre
pie move mar
rum move bul
ser support gre
sev move arm
smy move ank
stp move nwy
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
tys move ion
ukr move sev
ven hold
vie support tri
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Italy: army/dislodged bel
England: fleet bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Italy: army/dislodged con
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Austria: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bel move pic
con move smy
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Austria: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
remove pic
remove wal
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Austria: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven
aeg support ion move gre
alb support ion move gre
ank move con
arm move ank
bel move pic
bla support arm move ank
bre move pic
bul support con
bur move par
con support arm move ank
edi move nth
eng move mid
gas support bur move par
gre support bul
ion move gre
lon move eng
lvp move iri
mar move spa
mos move stp
nat support eng move mid
nwy move swe
par move pic
pie move mar
ruh move bur
ser support gre
sev move arm
smy support ank move con
stp move fin
tri support ser
tyr support tri
ven hold
vie support tri
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Austria: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
Austria: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Russia: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg support gre
alb support adr move tri
ank support arm move smy
arm move smy
bel hold
bla move bul/ec
bre move mid
bul move gre
bur move mar
con move aeg
fin support stp move nwy
gas move bre
gre support aeg
iri move mid
mid hold
mar move spa
nat support iri move mid
nth move nwy
par support gas move bre
ser support bul move gre
smy move con
spa move por
stp move nwy
swe move den
tri move alb
tyr support vie move tri
ven support adr move tri
vie move tri
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Austria: army ank
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army bre
Italy: fleet/dislodged bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/ec
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
Austria: army gre
Italy: fleet/dislodged gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Austria: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Italy: army/dislodged smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Italy: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bre move pic
gre move ion
smy move syr
tri move bud
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/ec
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Italy: fleet pic
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
