PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move gas
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move ven
sev move rum
smy move ank
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move tyr
vie move tri
war move sil
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet gas
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move arm
bot move swe
bul move gre
con move bla
edi move nwy via convoy
gas move spa/nc
hol support ruh move bel
ion move tun
kie move ber
nth move den
nrg convoy edi move nwy
pic support ruh move bel
ruh move bel
ser support alb move gre
sil support tyr move mun
spa move por
stp move nwy
tri move vie
tyr move mun
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Fleet con
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army rom
build Fleet sev
build Fleet tri
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bel move ruh
ber move mun
bla support arm move sev
bre hold
bud move ser
bul move rum
con move aeg
den support lon move nth
edi move yor
gre support ser move bul
hol move bel
kie support ber move mun
lon move nth
mun support sil move ber
nap move ion
nrg move nwy
par move bur
pic support par move bur
por move spa
rom move ven
rum support sev
ser move bul
sev support rum
sil move ber
spa/nc move mid
tri move alb
tun support nap move ion
ven move tyr
vie move tri
war move pru
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Italy: army/dislodged mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bul move con
mun move boh
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support bla move bul
alb move adr
bel move hol
ber move kie
bla move bul/ec
boh move vie
bre hold
bur support pic move bel
con support bla move bul
den support ber move kie
gre move aeg
ion move adr
kie support mun
mid hold
mun hold
nth move hol
nwy hold
pic move bel
pru move ber
ruh support mun
rum move sev
ser support bul
sev move mos
spa move mar
stp move mos
tri move alb
tun move ion
tyr move tri
ven support tyr move tri
yor move lon
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
Germany: fleet/dislodged bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move eng
tri move bud
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bul
build Fleet edi
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
build Army par
remove ruh
build Army war
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb support ser move tri
bel move hol
ber support kie
bla move rum
bre support mid
bud support ser move tri
bur move ruh
con move bul
den support nth move hel
edi move nth
eng move iri
gre move ion
ion support aeg move gre
kie support ber
lon hold
mid support bre
mar move bur
mos support war move ukr
mun move sil
nap move apu
nth move hel
nwy support edi move nth
par move pic
rum move sev
ser move tri
sev support bla move rum
tri hold
tun move wes
ven support tri
vie support tri
war move ukr
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move adr
apu move adr
ber move mun
bre move eng
bud move gal
bul move ser
bur support ber move mun
den support nwy move swe
gre move alb
hel move hol
hol support kie
ion support gre move alb
iri move lvp
kie support ber move mun
lon move wal
mid move iri
mos move war
nth support hel move hol
nwy move swe
pic move bel
ruh support kie
rum support sev
ser move bud
sev support rum
sil move war
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri support vie move bud
ukr move sev
ven support tri
vie move bud
wes move tys
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
swe move fin
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army con
build Army rom
remove sil
build Army smy
build Army war
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
apu move ion
bel support ruh move hol
bre move mid
bud move ser
bul support bud move ser
bur support bel
den support swe move bal
eng move nth
fin move swe
gal move vie
hol move nth
ion move tun
iri move wal
kie move den
lvp hold
mos move sev
mun support kie
nth move lon
nwy support fin move swe
rom move ven
ruh move hol
rum support sev
ser move bud
smy move arm
swe move bal
tri move vie
tys move gol
ukr support mos move sev
ven move pie
wal support nth move lon
war support ukr
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
England: fleet/dislodged hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
hol move hel
ser move alb
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move ser
arm support sev
bal move ber
bel move bur
bul move rum
bur move gas
con move bul
den support hel move kie
eng move nth
gal move vie
hel move kie
hol support kie
ion move tun
iri move eng
kie support swe move den
lon move nth
lvp hold
gol support pie move mar
mid move spa/sc
mos support ukr
mun move ber
nwy move swe
pie move mar
rum move bla
sev support bul move rum
swe move den
tri move vie
tun move wes
ukr support war move gal
ven move tyr
wal move lon
war move gal
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army/dislodged gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
remove hel
build Army rom
build Army ven
remove wal
build Army war
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm support sev
bal move bot
bla support bul move rum
bul move rum
bur move mar
con move bul
den move bal
eng move nth
gal move bud
gas support spa/sc
gre support con move bul
hol support kie
iri move mid
kie support swe move den
lon move nth
lvp move wal
gol support mar
mos support ukr
mun move ber
nwy move swe
rom move tus
rum move ukr
ser move bud
sev support rum move ukr
spa/sc support iri move mid
swe move den
tri move vie
tun move naf
tyr support tri move vie
ukr support gal
ven move pie
war move sil
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm support sev
bal move lvn
bla support rum
bot move stp/sc
bul support rum
bur move mar
den support swe
eng support mid
gal support ukr
gas support bur move mar
hol move bel
kie support sil move mun
lon move eng
gol support wes
mid support spa/sc
mar support pie
mos move stp
naf move mid
pie support mar
rum support ser move bud
ser move bud
sev support rum
sil move mun
spa/sc support bur move mar
swe support den
tus move ven
tyr move mun
ukr move mos
vie support ser move bud
wal move lon
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove lon
build Army stp
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm support sev
bel move bur
ber move sil
bla support bul move rum
bot support lvn move stp
bud support rum move gal
bul move rum
bur move mar
con move bul
den move nth
eng support mid
gal support ukr
gas support bur move mar
gre move aeg
kie move ber
lvn move stp/sc
gol support mar move spa
mid support spa/sc
mar move spa
mos support stp
naf move mid
pie move mar
rum move gal
sev move ukr
spa/sc support bur move mar
stp support mos
tyr support vie move boh
ukr support gal
ven move pie
vie move boh
wal move lon
wes support mar move spa
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
France: supply spa
France: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
gal move war
spa/sc move por
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm support sev
ber support mun
bla move con
boh support tyr move mun
bot support lvn move stp
bud support gal
bul move rum
bur support mar
eng move wal
gal support rum move ukr
gas support por move spa
lon hold
lvn move stp/sc
gol support spa
mid support por move spa
mar support por move spa
mos support stp
mun support sil move boh
naf move mid
nth move edi
pie move mar
por move spa/sc
rum move ukr
sev move mos
sil move boh
spa move por
stp support mos
tyr move mun
ukr move gal
ven support tyr
war support ukr move gal
wes support naf move mid
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: fleet/dislodged mid
France: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army/dislodged stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
mid move por
stp move fin
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bot
build Fleet bre
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
arm move sev
ber support mun
boh move sil
bre move eng
bud move vie
bur support mar
con move aeg
gal move war
gas move bre
lon move nth
gol support pie move mar
mid move eng
mar support spa/sc
mos support war
mun support sil move boh
pie move mar
por move mid
rum support ukr
sev move mos
sil move boh
spa/sc support por move mid
stp/sc move fin
swe move nwy
tyr move mun
ukr support sev move mos
ven move tus
wal move iri
war support mos
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
mos move lvn
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ber support mun
boh move sil
bre move eng
bur support mar
edi move yor
fin move stp
gal support ukr move war
gas move bre
ion move tys
iri move lvp
lvn support fin move stp
gol support pie move mar
mid move nat
mar support spa/sc
mos support ukr move war
mun support sil
nth move hol
nwy support fin move stp
pie move mar
por support spa/sc
rum support gal
sev support mos
sil support war
spa/sc hold
stp/sc move fin
tyr move mun
ukr move war
war support lvn
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet/dislodged stp/sc
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
stp/sc move bot
war move pru
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
remove bot
build Army con
build Army smy
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
ber move kie
boh move sil
bre move gas
bur move bel
con move bul
eng move lon
gal support war
hol move kie
ion move tun
lvn support sil move war
lvp move wal
gol move wes
mar support spa/sc
mos support war
mun support sil
nat move nrg
nwy move swe
pie move mar
por move mid
pru support sil move war
rum move ukr
sev support mos
sil move war
smy move con
spa/sc support mar
stp move mos
tyr move mun
tys support gol
vie support boh
war support mos
wes move naf
yor move lon
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
ber move sil
bul move rum
con move bul
eng support wal move lon
gal move war
gas support spa/sc
hol move kie
lvn support war
mid support spa/sc
mar support spa/sc
mos move stp
mun support ber move sil
naf move mid
nrg move nwy
pie move mar
pru support war
sev support mos
sil move mun
spa/sc move gol
stp support lvn
swe move nwy
tun move tys
tyr support sil move mun
tys move gol
ukr support mos
vie move boh
wal move lon
wes support naf move mid
yor move edi
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: fleet/dislodged mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Russia: army/dislodged mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
mid move por
mun move ruh
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army con
remove pru
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move hol
boh move sil
bre support eng move mid
bul move rum
con move bul
edi move nth
eng move mid
gal support ukr move war
gas move bur
kie move ber
lon move eng
lvn move stp
mid move nat
mar hold
mos support ukr move war
mun support boh move sil
nrg move nwy
pie move mar
por support eng move mid
ruh move hol
rum move ukr
sev support mos
sil move ber
spa/sc support eng move mid
stp move nwy
swe move den
tun move naf
tus move ven
tyr support mun
tys move gol
ukr move war
war move gal
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Russia: army/dislodged sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
sil disband
war move pru
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move hol
bre move eng
bul move rum
bur support ruh move mun
den support ruh move kie
eng move iri
gal move war
kie hold
lvn move mos
gol support pie move mar
mid support spa/sc
mar support spa/sc
mos support war move lvn
mun support sil move ber
naf support wes
nat move nrg
nth move nwy
nrg move edi
pie move mar
por support mid
pru move ber
ruh move kie
rum move gal
sev support mos
sil move ber
spa/sc support mar
stp support lvn move mos
tyr move boh
ukr support gal move war
ven move tyr
war move lvn
wes hold
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Germany: fleet/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
kie disband
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet edi
Italy: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army ven
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet edi
Italy: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
boh move sil
bur move ruh
con move bul
edi support nrg move nth
eng move nth
gal move sil
hol support bur move ruh
iri move nat
lvn support mos move stp
gol support wes move spa
mid support spa/sc
mar support bur
mos move stp
mun support ber
naf move mid
nap move tys
nrg move nth
par move bur
pie move mar
por support mid
rum move ukr
sev move mos
spa/sc support mar
tyr support mun
ukr move gal
ven move tus
war move pru
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet edi
Italy: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Russia: army/dislodged stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet edi
Italy: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
ber support boh move sil
boh move sil
bul move rum
bur support mar
edi move nrg
eng move lon
kie move mun
lvn support mos move stp
gol support spa/sc
mid move spa/sc
mar hold
mos move stp
mun support ber
naf move mid
nat move mid
nth move bel
pie move mar
por support mid move spa
pru move ber
ruh move bel
rum move ukr
stp move fin
tus move tun via convoy
tyr support mun
tys convoy tus move tun
ukr move mos
war move pru
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Italy: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
