PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move wal
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move ven
sev move bla
smy hold
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move tyr
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move tri
bla move ank
bot move swe
bul move gre
bur move mun
con move bul/ec
den move swe
gal support ukr move rum
ion move tun
kie move hol
mid move spa/sc
nth move bel
nrg move nwy
ruh support kie move hol
ser support alb move tri
smy move con
spa move por
tri move vie
tyr move vie
ukr move rum
ven move tyr
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Army edi
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet sev
build Army smy
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move con
bel hold
ber support ruh move mun
bot move bal
bre move mid
bul/ec move bla
con support smy move ank
den move swe
edi move yor
gal move sil
gre support bul/ec
hol move bel
lon move nth
mar move gol
mun support par move bur
nap move apu
nwy move swe
par move bur
por move spa
ruh move mun
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev move bla
smy move ank
spa/sc move wes
tri move ven
tun move ion
tyr support ven move tri
ven move tri
vie move tyr
war move pru
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Russia: fleet/dislodged ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move arm
mun move kie
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank hold
apu move nap
arm move ank
bal support nwy move swe
bel move hol
ber support hol move kie
bul hold
bur move mun
con move bul
den support hol move kie
gre move ser
hol move kie
ion move tun
kie support bur move mun
gol move tus
mid move naf
mun support hol move kie
nth convoy yor move den
nwy move swe
pru support sil move ber
rum support bul
sev move bla
sil move ber
spa move mar
tri move ven
tyr move pie
ven support tyr move pie
vie move tyr
wal move lon
wes move tys
yor move den via convoy
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet edi
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move arm
arm move ank
bal move kie
bel support yor move hol
ber support bal move kie
bla support arm move ank
bud move ser
bul move con
bur support kie move mun
con move bul
den support hol move kie
edi move nrg
gre move aeg
hol move kie
kie move mun
mar move pie
naf move wes
nap support ven move rom
nth convoy yor move hol
pie move ven
pru move sil
rum support bud move ser
ser move bud
smy move aeg
swe move den
tri support tyr
tun move wes
tus support mar move pie
tyr support tri
tys move nap
ven move rom
yor move hol via convoy
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
Germany: army/dislodged hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: army/dislodged ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
hol move ruh
ser move alb
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move tri
ank support bla move con
bel move pic
ber support kie
bla move con
bul support bla move con
bur support mun
con move bul
den move bal
gre move alb
kie support swe move den
lon move den via convoy
naf move tun
nap move tys
nth convoy lon move den
nrg move nat
pie move tus
rom hold
rum move bud
ser move bud
sil move mun
smy move aeg
swe support lon move den
tri move ven
tun hold
tus move rom
tyr support tri move ven
tys support tus move rom
ven move tus
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army/dislodged con
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
con move smy
ven move apu
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove aeg
remove apu
remove bal
build Army lon
build Fleet lvp
remove ruh
build Army sev
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move ion
ber move mun
bul move ser
bur support mun
con move aeg
hol move ruh
kie hold
lon move bel via convoy
lvp move iri
mun support vie move boh
naf move mid
nat move mid
nap support rom
nth convoy lon move bel
pic support lon move bel
pie move mar
rom support nap
rum move bul
ser move bud
sev move arm
sil move boh
smy move con
stp/nc move bar
tri move ser
tun move wes
tus move gol
tyr support ven
tys move wes
ven support tyr
vie support ser move bud
war move sil
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support ank move con
ank move con
arm move smy
bar move nwy
bel support ruh move bur
ber move kie
boh move mun
bud move tri
bul move ser
bur move par
con move bul
den move hol via convoy
ion move tun
iri support nat move mid
kie move hol
gol move spa/sc
mar move gas
mun move kie
naf move mid
nat move mid
nap move tys
nth convoy den move hol
pic move bre
rom support tri move ven
ruh move bur
rum move ser
sil support boh move mun
swe move den
tri move bud
tun move wes
tyr support ven
tys move wes
ven support tyr
vie support bud move tri
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Turkey: army/dislodged tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mun move ruh
tri disband
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army mos
remove naf
build Fleet stp/nc
remove tys
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg convoy smy move apu
bel support nth move hol
ber move kie
bre hold
bud move ser
bul move gre
bur move mar
gas move spa
ion convoy smy move apu
iri move eng
kie move hel
mid move por
mos move stp
mun support ber move kie
nap support tun move ion
nth move hol
nwy move swe
par move bur
rom move apu
ruh move bel
rum move gal
sil support mun
smy move apu via convoy
spa/sc move por
stp/nc move bar
tri move tyr
tun move ion
tyr move pie
ven support smy move apu
vie support tri move tyr
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Austria: fleet/dislodged ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ion move adr
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support aeg move ion
aeg move ion
apu move rom
bar move nrg
bur move mar
con move aeg
den support hol move kie
eng move nth
gal move boh
gas support bur move mar
gre hold
hel move nth
hol move kie
ion support nap move apu
kie support mun
mid move spa/sc
mar support mid move spa
mun support kie
nap move apu
nwy support hel move nth
pie move tus
ser support gre move alb
sil move ber
spa/sc move por
stp move fin
swe move nwy
tyr move pie
ven move rom
vie move tri
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ion move tun
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
build Army lon
remove por
build Fleet stp/nc
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr convoy tri move apu
aeg move ion
apu move rom
ber move kie
boh move mun
den move kie
edi support eng move nth
eng move nth
fin support stp/nc move nwy
gas move spa
gre hold
hel support nwy move nth
hol support eng move nth
ion move nap
kie move hol
mar support gas move spa
mun move bur
nap support apu move rom
nrg support nwy move nth
nwy move nth
pie move mar
ser move alb
stp/nc move nwy
swe move nwy
tri move apu via convoy
tun move ion
tus move rom
ven support tri move apu
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support aeg move ion
aeg move ion
alb move ser
apu move nap
bel hold
ber move kie
bre move mid
bur support pie move mar
den move kie
edi hold
eng convoy lon move bre
fin move swe
gas move spa
gre move bul
hel support kie move den
hol hold
ion move tys
kie move den
lon move bre via convoy
mar support gas move spa
mun support ber move kie
nap move rom
nth move edi
nrg support nth move edi
nwy support fin move swe
pie move mar
spa/sc move por
swe move nwy
tun move ion
tus move rom
ven support tus move rom
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
England: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
England: fleet/dislodged edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
France: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
England: fleet/dislodged swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
edi move yor
mar move gas
swe move bal
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
remove bal
build Army bud
remove eng
remove ruh
build Fleet stp/sc
build Army tri
build Army war
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
apu move nap
bel support hol
bre move par
bud move gal
bul move con
bur move bel
den move kie
edi support nwy move nth
gas support spa
hel support kie move hol
ion support tys move tun
kie move hol
mid move spa/sc
mar move gas
mun move ruh
nap move ion
nrg move cly
nwy move nth
por support mid move spa
rom support apu move nap
ser move rum
spa hold
stp/sc move bot
swe move nwy
tri move ven
tun move wes
tys move tun
ven move pie
war move sil
yor move edi
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Austria: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Italy: fleet/dislodged nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
nap move tys
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Austria: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
bel hold
bot move swe
bur support mar move gas
cly move lvp
con hold
edi support nwy move yor
gal move boh
gas move par
hel hold
hol move bel
ion support tun
kie move hol
mar move gas
nap support rom
nth convoy nwy move yor
nwy move yor via convoy
par hold
pie move mar
por move mid
rom support nap
ruh support hol move bel
rum hold
sil move mun
spa/sc hold
tun hold
tys support wes move tun
ven move tyr
wes move tun
yor move lon
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army bel
England: army/dislodged bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Austria: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army gas
France: army/dislodged gas
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
France: supply par
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
bel move pic
gas move bre
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove pic
build Army sev
build Fleet tri
remove tys
build Army vie
remove wes
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
bel move pic
boh move sil
bre move par
bud move gal
bur support bel move pic
con move ank
edi move cly
gas move spa
hel move nth
ion move tys
lvp move nat
mid move nat
mar support gas move spa
mun move kie
nth move eng
ruh move bel
spa/sc move mid
swe move nwy
tun move wes
tyr move mun
yor move lon
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Russia: army pic
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Austria: army spa
England: supply spa
England: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: supply tun
Russia: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
spa/sc move gol
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Russia: army pic
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Austria: army spa
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: supply tun
Russia: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
bel move pic
bre support par
bur support pic move par
cly move nat
eng move bre
hol move kie
kie move ber
lon hold
lvp move iri
gol move wes
mid support gol move wes
mar move spa
nth move lon
nwy move nth
par hold
pic move par
spa move por
tys move gol
wes move mid
yor support nth move lon
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Russia: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
England: fleet/dislodged lon
England: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Russia: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Russia: army par
England: army/dislodged par
England: supply par
Russia: army pic
Austria: army por
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Austria: army spa
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
Russia: fleet/dislodged wes
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
lon move wal
par move gas
wes move naf
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Russia: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Russia: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Russia: fleet naf
Russia: fleet nat
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Russia: army par
Russia: supply par
Russia: army pic
Austria: army por
Austria: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove gas
remove mid
build Army mos
build Army war
remove wes
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Russia: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Russia: fleet gol
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Russia: fleet naf
Russia: fleet nat
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Russia: army par
Russia: supply par
Russia: army pic
Austria: army por
Austria: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
ank move smy
ber support kie
bud move rum
bur move gas
eng move bre
gal move sil
kie support ber
mos support war
par support eng move bre
rum move ukr
sil move pru
smy move syr
vie move gal
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Russia: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Russia: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Russia: fleet gol
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Russia: fleet naf
Russia: fleet nat
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Russia: army par
Russia: supply par
Russia: army pic
Austria: army por
Austria: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
ber move sil
iri move mid
kie move mun
lon move eng
mos support war
naf move wes
nth convoy yor move hol
par move bur
pic move bel
sev move ukr
war support mos
yor move hol via convoy
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bre
Russia: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Russia: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Russia: fleet gol
Russia: fleet mid
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Russia: supply par
Austria: army por
Austria: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army vie
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bre
Russia: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Russia: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Russia: fleet gol
Russia: fleet mid
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Russia: supply par
Austria: army por
Austria: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
