PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move pru
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move hol
lvp move yor
mar support par move bur
mos move ukr
mun move sil
nap move ion
par move bur
rom hold
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri hold
vie move bud
war move sil
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move bla
bot move swe
bud support sev move rum
bul move gre
bur move bel
con move bul
ion move tun
mid move por
mar move spa
mun move boh
nth convoy yor move den
rom move apu
ser move gre
sev move bla
tri hold
ukr move rum
yor move den
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army edi
build Army mar
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Army stp
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
apu move ven
bel move ruh
boh move sil
bre hold
bud move ser
bul move gre
con move bul
den move kie
edi move yor
lon move nth
mar move bur
mos move war
nap move ion
nth move hel
par move pic
por move mid
pru support boh move sil
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev move bla
smy move aeg
spa move mar
stp move lvn
swe move bal
tri hold
tun move tys
ven move tyr
vie move gal
war move sil
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
ank move bla
bal convoy lvn move ber
bre move mid
bul hold
bur move mun
con move bul
gal move vie
gre support con move bul
hel support yor move hol
hol move bel
ion hold
kie support lvn move ber
lvn move ber
mid move spa/sc
mar move bur
mos support war
nth convoy yor move hol
pic move bel
pru move war
ruh support bur move mun
rum support bul
ser support bul
sev move arm
sil support pru move war
tri hold
tyr move mun
tys hold
ven hold
war hold
yor move hol
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet lon
build Fleet lvp
build Fleet mar
remove pru
build Fleet sev
remove sil
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre move bul
arm support sev move bla
bal support kie
ber move mun
bla move rum
bud move tri
bul move gre
bur support mun
con support gre move bul
gre move bul
hel move hol
hol move bel
ion hold
kie support ber move mun
lon move eng
lvp move iri
mid move bre
mar move gol
mos move sev
mun support vie move tyr
nth support hol move bel
pic support ruh move bel
ruh move bel
rum hold
ser support bul move gre
sev move bla
spa/sc move wes
tri move alb
tyr hold
tys hold
ven move apu
vie support bud move tri
war move sil
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Turkey: fleet/dislodged bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bla move ank
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb support ser move gre
ank move bla
apu support tyr move ven
arm move ank
bal support kie
ber move mun
bla support rum move bul
bre move eng
bul hold
bur support ruh move bel
con support bul
eng support hol move bel
hel move hol
hol move bel
ion move tun
iri move mid
kie support ber move mun
gol move spa/sc
mun move kie
nth support hol move bel
pic support ruh move bel
ruh move bel
rum move bul
ser move gre
sev move rum
sil support ber move mun
tri move ser
tyr move ven
tys move tun
vie move tri
wes move mid
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun move ruh
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove ruh
build Army war
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move con
alb support gre
ank move bla
arm move ank
bal move swe
bel hold
bla support arm move ank
bre move eng
bud move ser
bul support ser move rum
bur support bel
con move smy
eng support iri move mid
gre support ser move bul
hel move nth
hol support kie move ruh
ion move eas
iri move mid
kie move ruh
mun support kie move ruh
nth move nwy
pic support bel
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev move arm
sil move boh
spa/sc support wes move mid
tri hold
tys move ion
war move sil
wes move mid
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb support gre
apu move syr
arm support ank
bel move ruh
bla move con
boh move tyr
bre support mid move eng
bul support bla move con
bur support bel move ruh
eas convoy apu move syr
eng support hol move bel
gre support bul
hol move bel
ion convoy apu move syr
iri support eng
mid move eng
mun support ruh
nth support hol move bel
pic support bur
ruh support hol move bel
rum support bul
ser move bud
sil move boh
spa/sc move mid
tri support boh move tyr
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: fleet/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
con disband
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Army lvp
build Fleet sev
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move adr
ank move con
arm support con move smy
bel support ruh move bur
bre move eng
bud move ser
bul support gre
bur move bel
con move smy
eas move aeg
edi move cly
eng support iri move mid
gre support bul
ion support eas move aeg
iri move mid
mid support bre move eng
mun support ruh move bur
nth support bel
nwy move nrg
pic support bur move bel
ruh move bur
sev move bla
spa/sc support mid
swe move nwy
syr support smy
tri move ven
tyr support tri move ven
ven move tyr
vie move tri
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
England: army cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bur move par
ven move rom
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
England: army cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr convoy tri move apu
aeg move ion
ank support arm
arm support con move smy
bel move pic
bla move con
boh move tyr
bre support pic
bur move mar
cly move edi
eng support bel move pic
gre support bul
ion move tys
iri support nrg move nat
lvp move wal
mid move iri
mun move bur
nth support eng
nrg move nat
nwy move nrg
par support pic
pic support bre
rom hold
ser support gre
smy move arm
spa/sc move mar
syr move arm
tri move apu
tyr move pie
ven hold
war move sil
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Russia: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Russia: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove syr
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Russia: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Russia: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
apu support ven move rom
bel support bur
bla move con
bre move eng
bul support gre
bur support pie move mar
con move aeg
eng support nat move mid
gre support bul move ser
ion move nap
iri support nat move mid
mid support spa/sc
mun support bur
nat move mid
nth support eng
nrg move nat
par move bur
pic move bel
pie move mar
ser move alb
sil move boh
spa/sc support mid
tyr move pie
tys support rom
ven move rom
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Russia: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Russia: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Russia: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu move rom
bel move pic
bre move eng
bur support bel move pic
edi hold
eng support bel move pic
gre support bul
ion move nap
iri support nat move mid
mid support bre move eng
nat move mid
nap support rom
nth support eng
par support pic move bur
pic move bur
rom support nap
spa/sc support mid
tys move tun
ven support apu move rom
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
England: army/dislodged bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Russia: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Russia: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: army/dislodged rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bur move gas
rom disband
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Russia: army mar
Russia: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Russia: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove par
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Russia: army mar
Russia: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
Russia: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb hold
arm move smy
boh move mun
bre support mid
bur move ruh
con support arm move smy
edi move bel
eng convoy wal move bre
gas support mar move spa
gre support bul
ion move tys
iri support nat move mid
mid support bre
mar move spa
mun move ruh
nat move mid
nap move ion
nth convoy edi move bel
nrg move nat
pic support wal move bre
pie move mar
rom support ven move apu
smy move syr
spa/sc support mid
tri move adr
tun support nap move ion
ven move apu
vie move tyr
wal move bre
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: fleet/dislodged mid
Russia: army mar
Russia: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army spa
France: supply spa
France: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mid move por
spa/sc move wes
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Russia: army mar
Russia: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg support adr move ion
alb hold
apu move nap
bel move bur
boh move mun
bre move par
bul support gre
bur move mar
con support smy
eng move bre
gas support bre move par
gre support bul
iri move eng
mid move por
mar support spa
mun move ruh
nth move hol
pic support bel move bur
por support wes move spa/sc
rom support apu move nap
spa support mid move por
syr move arm
tun support ion
tyr move pie
tys support adr move ion
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Russia: army mar
Russia: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Austria: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ion disband
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Russia: army mar
Russia: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Russia: army spa
Russia: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove arm
build Army edi
build Army lon
build Army mos
remove por
build Army sev
build Fleet tri
build Army war
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Russia: army mar
Russia: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Russia: army spa
Russia: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb hold
bre move eng
bur support pic move bel
edi move lvp
eng move nth
gas move spa
hol move kie
ion support tys move tun
lon hold
mid move naf
mar support gas move spa
nap hold
par support bur
pic move bel
rom hold
spa move por
tri move adr
tys move tun
wes support tun
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Russia: army mar
Russia: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Russia: fleet nat
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
Russia: army por
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: army spa
Russia: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move apu
ion support tys move tun
naf support tys move tun
nat move lvp
nap move rom
rom move tus
ruh move hol
tys move tun
wes support tun
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Russia: army mar
Russia: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Russia: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
Russia: army por
Russia: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet stp/sc
build Fleet tri
remove wes
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Russia: army mar
Russia: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Russia: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
Russia: army por
Russia: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move pic
kie move den
lvp move yor
spa move gas
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Russia: army mar
Russia: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Russia: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
Austria: army pie
Russia: army por
Russia: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
