PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move sil
bre move gas
bud move ser
con move bul
kie move den
mar hold
mos move stp
mun move sil
nap move apu
rom move tus
sev move rum
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
tri move adr
ven move pie
vie hold
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: fleet gas
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move alb
arm move sev
ber move sil
bla support arm move sev
bot move swe
bul move rum
gal move vie
mun move sil
rum move bul/ec
ser support bul move rum
stp move nwy
vie move bud
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet gas
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet con
build Army kie
build Army mos
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet gas
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ber move sil
bla move rum
bud move vie
con move bul/sc
den move nth
kie move hol
mos support war move ukr
mun move ruh
nwy move swe
rum move ukr
ser move tri
sev support rum move ukr
smy move aeg
stp/nc move nwy
swe move ska
vie move tri
war move ukr
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet gas
Austria: fleet gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bla move sev
bud support ser move tri
bul/sc support aeg move gre
gre move alb
hol move bel
mos move sev
nwy move nth
ruh move bur
rum support sev move ukr
ser move tri
sev move ukr
sil hold
ska support swe move den
swe move den
vie move tri
war move ukr
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet con
build Fleet stp/nc
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move adr
ank move sev
bel move pic
bla convoy ank move sev
bul/sc move gre
bud move vie
bur move par
con move aeg
gre move ion
mos move sev
nth move eng
nwy move nrg
rum support ank move sev
sil move mun
ska move nth
stp/nc move nwy
tri support bud move vie
ukr support ank move sev
vie move tri
war move ukr
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
France: fleet gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Russia: army/dislodged vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
vie move tyr
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
France: fleet gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg move ion
bla move con
bur move par
den move edi
eng move bre
gre support aeg move ion
ion move tun
mos hold
mun move bur
nth convoy den move edi
nrg support den move edi
nwy move ska
pic move par
rum move ukr
sev support ukr move mos
tri move ven
ukr move mos
war support mos
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: army edi
England: fleet/dislodged edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army bud
build Army kie
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move gal
bur move par
con move aeg
edi move yor
gre move ion
ion move nap
mos hold
mun move ruh
nth move hol
nrg move cly
pic move par
rum move gal
sev move mos
ska move nth
smy move eas
tri move ven
tun move wes
tyr move boh
ukr support sev move mos
ven move rom
vie move tyr
war support mos
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Russia: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
boh move mun
bud move gal
bur move par
cly move lvp
eas support aeg move ion
hol move kie
ion move tys
kie move mun
mid move spa/sc
mos hold
nap move rom
nth move eng
pic move par
ruh move bur
rum move ser
sev move rum
tyr move vie
ukr move sev
war support mos
wes move spa/sc
yor support cly move lvp
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army/dislodged lvp
Russia: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army con
build Fleet smy
build Army stp
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
boh move mun
bur move par
con move bul
eas move ion
eng support yor move lon
gal support bud
hol move kie
ion move adr
kie move ruh
lvp move iri
mid move spa/sc
mos move sev
nap support tys move rom
pic move par
ruh move bur
rum move bud
ser support rum move bud
sev hold
smy move aeg
stp move lvn
tys move rom
ven move tri
vie move boh
war move pru
wes move spa/sc
yor move lon
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Russia: army lon
England: fleet/dislodged lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Russia: army pru
Austria: army/dislodged rom
Turkey: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
rom move ven
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Russia: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Russia: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg move ion
boh move sil
bul support rum
bur move par
eng support iri move mid
gal support bud
hol move bel
ion move tys
iri move mid
kie move ber
lvn move war
mid move spa/sc
mos move ukr
nap move apu
pic move par
pru move ber
ruh move bel
rum support ser move bud
ser move bud
sev move mos
tri support ven
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Russia: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
Germany: fleet/dislodged mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Russia: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
mid move por
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Russia: army lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Germany: fleet por
Germany: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet con
remove sil
build Army stp
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Russia: army lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Germany: fleet por
Germany: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support apu move ven
ank move arm
apu move ven
bud support gal
bul move rum
bur move mun
con move bla
eng convoy lon move bre
gal move war
hol move kie
ion move tys
kie move den
lon move bre
mid support lon move bre
mos move stp
mun support hol move kie
pic move bel
por move mid
pru move war
ruh move mun
rum move ukr
ser move tri
stp support war move mos
tri support ven
tys move gol
ukr move sev
ven support tri
war move mos
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Russia: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Turkey: army/dislodged mos
Turkey: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: fleet por
Germany: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army/dislodged ven
Turkey: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mos move lvn
ven move tyr
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Russia: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: fleet por
Germany: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
arm move sev
bel move hol
bla support arm move sev
bud support gal move rum
bur move mun
eng move nth
gal move rum
kie hold
lvn support gal move war
gol move mar
mid move eng
mos move war
mun support kie
por move mid
pru move ber
ruh move mun
rum move bud
ser support rum move bud
sev move ukr
spa/sc support gol move mar
stp move lvn
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
tys move tun
ukr move mos
ven support adr move tri
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
France: army/dislodged mar
Turkey: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army bre
Russia: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
Turkey: fleet mar
Turkey: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army con
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army bre
Russia: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mar
Turkey: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ser move tri
ank move con
ber move kie
bla convoy con move rum
bre move bel
bud support con move rum
con move rum
den move kie
eng convoy bre move bel
hol move kie
kie move hol
lvn move war
mar hold
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nth support kie move hol
rom move tys
ruh move mun
rum move bud
ser move tri
sev move ukr
smy move aeg
spa/sc move por
stp support ukr move mos
tri move adr
tun move wes
tyr move vie
ukr move mos
ven support ser move tri
war support ukr move mos
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Turkey: army/dislodged mos
Turkey: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Turkey: fleet por
Germany: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: fleet/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
mos move sev
rum move gal
tri move alb
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Turkey: fleet por
Germany: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
aeg convoy con move gre
bel support hol
ber support mun
bla move rum
bud support tri move vie
bur move mun
con move gre
eng move mid
gal support vie
hol support bel
lvn move war
mos support war
nth move den
por support wes move mid
ruh move kie
rum move gal
sev move mos
stp support mos
tri move vie
tys move wes
ukr support lvn move war
ven move tri
war support mos
wes move mid
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: fleet mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Turkey: fleet por
Germany: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
vie move boh
war disband
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: fleet mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
