PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun move tyr
par move pic
sev move rum
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
bot move swe
bul hold
con move aeg
den move swe
gal move bud
kie move hol
mid move spa/sc
nth convoy yor move nwy
nrg support yor move nwy
pic move bel
rum hold
ser support alb move gre
smy move con
spa move por
stp move fin
tri move bud
tyr move vie
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
build Army mun
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/nc
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg convoy con move gre
bel hold
ber move pru
bot support fin move swe
bre move mid
bud support tri move vie
bul support con move gre
con move gre via convoy
den support kie move bal
fin move swe
gal move bud
gre support ser move bul
kie move bal
lon hold
mar move gol
mun move sil
nth support nwy
nrg move bar
nwy support den move swe
par move gas
por move spa
rum support bul
ser move bul
smy move eas
spa/sc move wes
stp/nc move bar
tri move vie
vie support bud
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support bul move gre
bal support den move swe
bel hold
bot support swe
bud support tri move vie
bul move gre
con move bul
den move swe
eas move ion
gal move bud
gas move spa
gre support ser move bul
gol convoy spa move tus
mid move wes
nth support nwy
nrg move bar
nwy support den move swe
pru support sil move war
rum support bul
ser move bul
sil move war
spa move tus via convoy
stp/nc move bar
tri move vie
vie hold
wes move tun
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Austria: fleet/dislodged gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army/dislodged swe
Germany: fleet swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
gre disband
swe move fin
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army mar
build Army mun
remove rum
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move bot
bel hold
ber move sil
bot move lvn
bud move vie
con move bul
fin support stp/nc
gal move ukr
gre move apu via convoy
ion convoy gre move apu
lon hold
gol move tys
mar move pie
mun move tyr
nth support nrg move nwy
nrg move nwy
nwy move stp
pru move lvn
ser hold
smy move eas
spa move gas
swe support bal move bot
tri support bud move vie
tun support gol move tys
tus hold
vie hold
war move mos
wes move mid
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Germany: army/dislodged vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
vie move gal
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
apu support ion move nap
bel support nth move hol
bot support nwy move stp
bul move rum
eas move ion
fin move swe
gal move rum
gas move bur
ion move nap
lon move nth
mid hold
mos move sev
nth move den
nrg support nwy
nwy support fin move swe
pie hold
pru move lvn
ser move rum
sil move war
stp/nc hold
tun move ion
tus move rom
tyr move ven
tys support tus move rom
ukr move mos
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Germany: fleet/dislodged swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
swe move bal
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army con
remove gal
build Fleet lon
remove lvn
build Fleet mar
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
apu move rom
bal support hol move kie
bel support bur move ruh
bot move lvn
bud move rum
bul move rum
bur move ruh
con move bul
den move kie
hol move kie
ion move tys
lon move nth
mid move wes
mar move gol
mos hold
nap support apu move rom
nth move hel
nrg support nwy
nwy support swe
pie support rom move ven
rom move ven
ser support bud move rum
sev move mos
swe hold
tri support ven
tun support tys move ion
tyr move mun
tys move ion
ven move tus
vie move boh
war support sev move mos
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ion move eas
mos move ukr
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
bal support kie move den
bel support nth move hol
boh move tyr
bul move gre
con move bul
den support nwy move swe
eas move ion
hel move kie
ion move aeg
kie move den
lvn move stp/sc
gol support wes move tys
mos move sev
mun move bur
nap support rom
nth move hol
nrg move nwy
nwy move swe
pie move ven
rom support nap
ruh move bur
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
tri move alb
tun move ion
tus support ven move rom
ukr move sev
ven move rom
war move mos
wes move tys
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
England: fleet/dislodged den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet/dislodged ion
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
den move nth
ion move apu
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army lon
build Army tri
remove tus
remove ukr
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre move bul
alb move gre
apu support tys move ion
bal move kie
bel move bur
bud move rum
bul support alb move gre
con support gre move bul
den support bal move kie
gre move bul
hol move kie
ion move gre
kie move ber
lon move den via convoy
lvn move bal
gol move tys
mos move sev
mun support bal move kie
nap support rom
nth convoy lon move den
nrg support nwy
nwy support stp/nc
pie move tus
rom support nap
ruh support bel move bur
rum move sev
stp/nc support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tri move ser
tun support tys move ion
tyr move tri
tys move ion
ven move rom
war move sil
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ion move eas
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb move gre
apu move nap
bal support den move kie
ber move kie
bud move rum
bul support aeg move gre
bur move mun
con support bul
den move kie
eas hold
hol support ber move kie
ion support apu move nap
kie move ber
lon move den
mos move sev
mun support kie move ber
nth convoy lon move den
nrg support nwy
nwy hold
ruh support bur move mun
rum move bul
ser support alb move gre
sil support mun
stp/nc support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tri move bud
tun support ion
tus support ven move rom
tys support apu move nap
ven move rom
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
Turkey: army/dislodged rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
rom disband
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army par
build Army vie
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bal support kie
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move gal
bul support aeg move gre
bur move mun
con support bul
den support kie
eas move aeg
gre support ser move bul
hol support ber move kie
ion move adr
lon hold
mun support kie
nap move ion
nth support nwy
nrg move bar
nwy hold
par move pic
rom move ven
ruh support bur move mun
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev move rum
sil support mun
stp/nc support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tri hold
tun support nap move ion
tus move pie
tys support nap move ion
vie move bud
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
aeg move gre
bal support mun move ber
bar support nwy move stp
ber support hol move kie
bud support tri
bul move rum
bur move mun
con move bul
den support kie
eas move aeg
gal move ukr
gre support ser move bul
hol move kie
ion support aeg move gre
kie support den
lon move nwy via convoy
mid hold
mun move ber
nth convoy lon move nwy
nwy move stp
pic move bel
pie move tyr
ruh support hol move kie
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev support bul move rum
sil move war
stp/nc support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tri hold
tun support ion
tys support ion
ven move tri
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
England: fleet/dislodged ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army/dislodged gre
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ber move pru
gre move alb
rum move gal
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove alb
build Army ank
build Army mar
build Fleet smy
remove tri
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
ank move con
bal support kie
bar move nwy
bel hold
ber support kie
bud support gal move rum
con move bul
den support kie
gal move rum
gre support con move bul
hol move kie
ion hold
lon move den via convoy
mid move wes
mar move pie
mun support hol move kie
nth convoy lon move den
pru move bal
ruh support hol move kie
rum move bud
ser support gal move rum
sev move mos
stp support bar move nwy
swe hold
tun move tys
tyr support ven move tri
tys move gol
ukr support gal move rum
ven move tri
war move pru
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
Germany: fleet/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Turkey: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
kie move hel
rum move sev
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri
aeg convoy con move gre
bal support den move kie
bel support lon move hol
ber support den move kie
bud move tri
bul support sev move rum
con move gre via convoy
den move kie
gre move alb
hel move nth
ion convoy pie move alb
kie support pru move ber
lon move hol via convoy
gol convoy pie move alb
mos move ukr
mun support kie
nth convoy lon move hol
nwy support swe
pie move alb via convoy
pru move ber
ruh support kie
ser support bud move tri
sev move rum
smy move con
stp support ukr move mos
swe hold
tri support tyr move vie
tyr move vie
tys convoy pie move alb
ukr move mos
war move pru
wes move tun
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Germany: army/dislodged mos
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
France: supply ven
France: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
mos move lvn
rum move gal
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
remove den
remove gal
remove hel
build Fleet lon
build Army mar
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr support mar move alb
bal support ber move kie
bel support ruh
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud support ser move tri
bul move rum
con move bul
ion convoy mar move alb
kie support pru move ber
lon hold
lvn move pru
gol convoy mar move alb
mar move alb via convoy
mos move ukr
mun support pru move ber
nth move den
nwy support stp
pie move tyr
pru move ber
ruh support bel
rum move sev
ser move tri
smy move eas
stp support mos
swe hold
tri support mar move alb
tun support ion
tys convoy mar move alb
vie support tri
war support lvn move pru
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
England: fleet/dislodged kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
kie move hel
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ion
aeg support gre
alb move ser
bal support kie move ber
bel hold
ber support hol move kie
bud move tri
bul support rum
den support nwy move swe
hel support den
hol move kie
ion hold
kie move ber
lon move nth
gol move spa/sc
mid hold
mun support ber
nwy move swe
pru support kie move ber
ruh support hol move kie
rum support sev
ser support bud
sev support rum
stp move mos
swe hold
tri support vie move bud
tun support ion
tys move nap
ukr move war
vie move bud
war move mos
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
France: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: army/dislodged swe
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bud move gal
swe disband
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove bal
remove ber
build Army edi
build Fleet lon
build Army lvp
build Army mar
remove ser
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ion
aeg support gre
alb support tri move ser
ank move con
bel hold
bud support tri move ser
bul support rum
den move bal
edi move kie via convoy
gal move bud
hel convoy edi move kie
ion hold
kie move ber
lvp move yor
mid move bre
mar move bur
mun move boh
nap support ion
nth convoy edi move kie
pru move lvn
ruh move mun
rum move ukr
sev support rum move ukr
spa/sc move mid
stp move mos
swe move bot
tri move ser
tun move naf
tyr move vie
ukr move gal
war move mos
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
France: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg support gre
alb support ion move gre
bal convoy kie move lvn
bel support bur move ruh
boh move gal
bot move stp/sc
bre support mid
bud move rum
bul move rum
bur move ruh
con move bul
gal move bud
hel hold
ion move gre
kie move lvn via convoy
lvn move mos
mid support bre
mun support bur move ruh
naf move tun
nap support adr move ion
nth convoy yor move hol
ser support ion move gre
sev move mos
stp move mos
ukr support sev move mos
vie move bud
war support lvn move mos
yor move hol via convoy
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army edi
remove lvn
build Fleet mar
build Army par
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul
alb move ser
bal move pru
bel support ruh
ber move sil
boh move gal
bot move lvn
bre support mid
bud support ser move rum
con support bul
eas support aeg
edi move kie via convoy
gal move vie
gre move bul/sc
hel convoy edi move kie
hol hold
ion move aeg
kie move ber
lon move wal
mid support bre
mar move gol
mun support ruh
nap support tun move ion
nth convoy edi move kie
par move bur
ruh support bel
ser move rum
sev support ukr move mos
stp move mos
tun move ion
ukr move mos
vie support boh move gal
war hold
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: army gal
Austria: army/dislodged gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
France: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
gal move ukr
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
France: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg hold
bel support ruh
ber move mun
bre move pic
bud support vie move gal
bul hold
bur support mun
con hold
eas support aeg
gal move ukr
gre support ser move bul
hel move hol
hol move bel
ion move aeg
kie support ber move mun
gol move spa/sc
mid hold
mos support war
mun hold
nap support tun move ion
nth support hol move bel
pru move ber
ruh support mun
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev hold
sil support ber move mun
tun move ion
ukr move sev
vie move gal
wal move eng
war support mos
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
France: army bul
France: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
France: army rum
France: supply rum
France: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army lon
build Army mar
build Army par
remove ukr
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
France: army bul
France: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
France: army rum
France: supply rum
France: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bel move ruh
ber support sil move mun
bre move eng
bud move rum
bul move con
bur support pic move bel
con hold
eas support aeg
eng move bel
gal support vie move boh
gre support ion move aeg
hol support eng move bel
ion move aeg
kie support bel move ruh
lon move wal
lvn support stp
mid move nat
mar move gas
mos support war
mun hold
nap move ion
nth support eng move bel
pic move bel
pru move bal
ruh support pic move bel
rum move ukr
sil move mun
spa/sc move mid
stp hold
tun move naf
vie move boh
war support mos
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
France: supply bud
France: army bul
France: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gal
France: army gas
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
France: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
France: army rum
France: supply rum
France: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
mun move tyr
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
France: supply bud
France: army bul
France: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gal
France: army gas
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
France: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
France: army rum
France: supply rum
France: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support con
bal move swe
bel hold
ber support mun
boh move mun
bul move rum
bur support pic move bel
eas support aeg
eng support pic move bel
gal support ukr move war
gas support bur
gre move bul/sc
hol support bel
ion move gre
kie support mun
mid move iri
mos support sev
mun support ruh move bur
naf move mid
nat move lvp
nap move ion
nth move lon
pic move bel
ruh move bur
rum move ukr
tyr support boh move mun
ukr move war
wal move lvp
war support mos move ukr
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
France: supply bud
France: supply bul
France: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gal
France: army gas
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
France: army rum
France: supply rum
France: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: supply vie
England: army wal
France: army war
Germany: army/dislodged war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
war move sil
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
France: supply bud
France: supply bul
France: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gal
France: army gas
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
France: army rum
France: supply rum
France: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: supply vie
England: army wal
France: army war
France: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army lvp
remove sil
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
France: supply bud
France: supply bul
France: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gal
France: army gas
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
France: army rum
France: supply rum
France: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: supply vie
England: army wal
France: army war
France: supply war
ORDERS
aeg hold
bel hold
ber move sil
boh support tyr move mun
bre move mid
bul/sc support gre move aeg
bur support tyr move mun
con move bul
eas support aeg
eng support pic
gal move sil
gas support bur
gre move aeg
hol move nth
ion support gre move aeg
iri move lvp
kie support mun
lon move eng
lvp support wal
mid move nat
mos support sev
mun support ber move sil
nat move nrg
pic support eng
ruh move bur
rum move sev
sev support mos
stp support mos
swe move nwy
tyr move mun
ukr support rum move sev
wal support lvp
war support gal move sil
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
France: supply bud
France: supply bul
France: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
France: army rum
France: supply rum
France: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: supply vie
England: army wal
France: army war
France: supply war
ORDERS
aeg hold
bel support lon move eng
ber support mun
boh support sil move mun
bul/sc support gre move aeg
bur support sil move mun
con move bul
eas support aeg
eng support pic move bel
gas move cly via convoy
gre move aeg
ion support gre move aeg
iri convoy gas move cly
kie support mun
lon move eng
lvn support stp
lvp hold
mid convoy gas move cly
mos support sev
mun hold
nat support gas move cly
nth move edi
nrg move edi
nwy support stp
pic move bel
ruh move bur
rum move sev
sev support mos
sil move mun
stp support mos
tyr support sil move mun
ukr move mos
wal support lvp
war support ukr move mos
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
France: supply bud
France: supply bul
France: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
France: army rum
France: supply rum
France: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: supply vie
England: army wal
France: army war
France: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
bel support lon move eng
ber move sil
boh support tyr move mun
bul/sc support gre move aeg
bur support pic move bel
con move bul
eas move ion
eng support pic move bel
gas move cly via convoy
gre move aeg
ion support gre move aeg
iri move lvp
kie support mun
lon move eng
lvn support stp
lvp move cly
mid convoy gas move cly
mos support sev
mun support ber move sil
nat convoy gas move cly
nth move edi
nrg support gas move cly
nwy hold
pic move bel
ruh move bur
rum move sev
sev support mos
sil support tyr move mun
stp support mos
tyr move mun
ukr support rum move sev
wal move lvp
war move mos
PHASE 1913 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
France: supply bud
France: supply bul
France: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
France: army cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
France: supply rum
France: supply ser
France: army sev
Turkey: army/dislodged sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: supply vie
England: army wal
France: army war
France: supply war
ORDERS
sev move arm
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
France: supply bud
France: supply bul
France: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
France: army cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
France: supply rum
France: supply ser
France: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: supply vie
England: army wal
France: army war
France: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
arm support mos move sev
bel move pic
ber support mun
boh support bur move mun
bul/sc support gre move aeg
bur move mun
cly support nrg move edi
con move bul
eas move ion
edi support nwy move nrg
eng move wal
gre move aeg
ion support gre move aeg
iri support nat move lvp
kie support mun
lon move eng
lvp support edi
mid move eng
mos move sev
mun support ruh move bur
nat move lvp
nrg move edi
nwy move nrg
pic support mid move eng
ruh move bur
sev support ukr move mos
sil support bur move mun
stp support mos
tyr support bur move mun
ukr move mos
wal support lvp
war support ukr move mos
PHASE 1913 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
France: supply bud
France: supply bul
France: fleet bul/sc
England: army bur
France: army cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
England: fleet/dislodged edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: army/dislodged lvp
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
France: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
England: army/dislodged mun
England: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: supply rum
France: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
France: army/dislodged sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: supply ven
France: supply vie
England: army wal
France: army war
France: supply war
ORDERS
edi move nth
lvp move yor
mun move ruh
sev move rum
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
France: supply bud
France: supply bul
France: fleet bul/sc
England: army bur
France: army cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
France: army mos
France: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
France: army rum
France: supply rum
France: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: supply ven
France: supply vie
England: army wal
France: army war
France: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
