PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move eng
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move sev
mun move bur
nap move ion
par move gas
rom move apu
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
vie move tri
war move lvn
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
apu move rom
bot move swe
bur move mar
den hold
gas move spa
ion move tys
kie move hol
lon move eng
lvn move pru
nth convoy yor move nwy
rum hold
ser support alb move gre
sev move arm
spa move por
tri support ser
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army bud
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Army mun
build Army par
build Fleet sev
build Fleet stp/sc
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move ank
ber hold
bla move ank
bre move pic
bud support vie move tri
bul move con
con move smy
den move bal
eng move pic
gre move aeg
hol move bel
kie move mun
lon move eng
mar move spa
mun move bur
nth support lon move eng
nwy hold
par move bur
por move spa
pru move sil
rum support sev move bla
ser move gre
sev move bla
spa move gas
stp/sc move bot
swe move bal
tri move ser
tys move tun
vie move tri
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Turkey: fleet/dislodged bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bla move bul/ec
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
arm support aeg move smy
bel move bur
ber move sil
bla move con
bot move bal
bre move pic
bud move vie
con move ank
den hold
eng move mid
gas support por move spa
gre support rum move bul
kie move ruh
lon move eng
mar move spa
mun support bel move bur
nth convoy nwy move bel
nwy move bel via convoy
par move bur
por move spa
rom move tus
rum move bul/ec
ser support rum move bul
sil move ber
smy support con move ank
swe support bot move bal
tri hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: fleet/dislodged bul/ec
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army/dislodged smy
Austria: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bul move bla
smy move syr
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bla
build Army bud
build Fleet lon
build Fleet nap
build Fleet stp/nc
remove syr
build Army war
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move ank
bal move den
ber support mun
bud move rum
bul/ec hold
bur support mar
con support arm move ank
den hold
eng move bre
gas support spa move mar
gre move bul
lon move nth
mid move por
mar support bur
mun support ber
nap move tys
nth move ska
par move bur
pic move bre
ruh support bur
ser support gre move bul
sil move ber
smy move con
spa move mar
stp/nc move nwy
swe support bal move den
tri hold
tun move wes
tus support ven
ven hold
vie move bud
war move pru
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet/dislodged bul/ec
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
Germany: army/dislodged mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bul/ec move bla
den move kie
mar move pie
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Germany: army pie
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank support smy move con
arm move sev
ber support mun
bla support con
bud move gal
bul support smy move con
bur move mar
con hold
den support swe move bal
eng move mid
gas move bur
kie move den
mun support ber
nth support ska move nwy
nwy move swe
par support gas move bur
pic move bre
pie support bur move mar
por move spa/sc
pru move war
ruh move bur
rum move ukr
ser move rum
sil move gal
ska move nwy
smy move con
swe move bal
tri hold
tys move ion
wes move gol
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Russia: fleet/dislodged con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
France: army/dislodged mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
con move aeg
mar move gas
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bal
remove bre
build Fleet lon
remove pie
remove swe
build Army vie
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
bel move pic
ber move sil
bla support sev move rum
bud move rum
bul move gre
bur move mar
con move smy
den move bal
gas support bur move mar
ion move gre
kie hold
lon move eng
mid move wes
mar support ruh move bur
mun support ruh move bur
nth move bel
par move bur
ruh move bur
rum move bul
sev move rum
sil move gal
spa/sc support mar
tus move pie
ukr move mos
vie move gal
war move mos
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
rum move ser
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move con
bal move den
bel move eng
ber move mun
bla support aeg move con
bud move rum
bul support bud move rum
bur move par
con move smy
eng move bre
gas move spa
ion move tun
kie move den
gol move mar
mar hold
mun move tyr
par hold
pic support eng move bre
pie support gol move mar
rum move bul
ser move gre
sil move boh
spa/sc move por
tri move alb
ukr move sev
vie move gal
war move gal
wes move gol
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Germany: army/dislodged mar
Italy: fleet mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mar move gas
rum move ser
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet lon
build Army mos
remove mun
build Army rom
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move ser
bal move den
bla support mos move sev
boh support war move gal
bre hold
bul support smy move con
bur support gas move mar
con move bul/sc
eng move mid
gas move mar
gre support alb move ser
kie move den
lon move nth
gol support gas move mar
mos move sev
par support spa move gas
pic move par
pie move tyr
por move spa/sc
rum move bud
ser move rum
sev move rum
smy move con
spa move gas
tun move wes
tyr move pie
ven support pie move tyr
vie support tri
war move gal
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Russia: fleet/dislodged con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Italy: fleet/dislodged mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Austria: army/dislodged sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Germany: army/dislodged tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
con move aeg
mar move pie
sev move ukr
tyr move mun
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: fleet pie
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move smy
bal move den
bla move rum
boh move vie
bud support bul move rum
bul move rum
bur support mar
con move smy
gal support boh move vie
gas support par move bre
kie move den
gol move tys
mid move wes
mar support bur
mun move tyr
nth move nwy
nwy move swe
par move bre
pic support bre
pie support wes move gol
ser support bul move rum
sev support bla move rum
spa/sc support mid move wes
tri move alb
tyr move tri
ukr move war
ven support tyr move tri
vie support bud
wes move gol
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: fleet pie
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bal
remove gas
build Fleet lon
build Fleet lvp
build Army mun
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: fleet pie
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
alb support ser move tri
bla move con
bre move mid
bur move par
gal support vie move bud
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move iri
gol move mar
mar hold
mun move sil
nwy move nth
par hold
pic support bur move par
pie support gol move mar
ser move tri
sev move rum
spa/sc move gol
swe move nwy
tri move tyr
tyr move pie
tys hold
ven support tri move tyr
vie move bud
wes hold
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: army/dislodged par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: fleet pie
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Germany: army/dislodged tyr
England: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bud move ser
par move bre
tyr move mun
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: fleet pie
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move ion
bla support bul/sc move con
bre move par
bud support sev move rum
bul/sc move con
con support gre move bul
den hold
eng move bre
gal move vie
gre move bul
iri move mid
gol move mar
mid move wes
mar hold
mun support sil move boh
nth move eng
par support pic move bre
pic support eng move bre
pie support gol move mar
rum move sev
ser move bud
sev move rum
sil move boh
spa/sc support mar
tri support ser move bud
tyr support ven move tri
tys move nap
ven move tri
war move gal
wes move tun
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: army/dislodged bre
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Austria: fleet/dislodged con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: fleet pie
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
England: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bre disband
con move smy
tri move alb
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: fleet pie
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove ion
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Fleet lvp
build Army mos
remove pie
remove tyr
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move tri
ber move pru
bla support bud move rum
boh move sil
bre move gas
bud move rum
bul support rum
con move bul/ec
den hold
eng move mid
gal support rum
kie move ber
lon move eng
lvp move iri
gol move tys
mid move wes
mar move pie
mos move ukr
mun move tyr
nap support wes move tys
nwy hold
par move bur
pic move bre
rum move bud
ser support alb move tri
sev support bud move rum
smy move con
spa/sc support mid move wes
tri move ven
tun move ion
vie move bud
wes move tys
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move sil
bla support rum move bul
bre move gas
bud support sev move rum
bul move rum
bur move mar
con support rum move bul
den hold
eng move bre
gal move vie
gas move spa/nc
ion move gre
iri move mid
gol support ven move pie
mid move naf
nap support tys move rom
nwy move stp/nc
pie support tyr move ven
pru support sil move war
rom move tus
rum move bul
ser move bud
sev move arm
sil move war
smy move con
spa/sc move wes
tri support ser move bud
tyr move ven
tys move rom
ukr move rum
ven move pie
wes move tys
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Russia: army/dislodged bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Austria: army/dislodged bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gas
England: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Germany: army/dislodged pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
England: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
England: supply tun
Italy: army tus
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bud move gal
bul move ser
pie move tyr
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
England: fleet gre
England: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet edi
remove gal
build Fleet lon
build Fleet lvp
remove gol
build Army mun
remove pie
remove tus
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: army gas
England: fleet gre
England: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move ank
ber move sil
bla support arm move ank
bul support rum
con support bul
edi move nth
lon move eng
lvp move iri
mun move boh
pru move war
rum support bul
sil move gal
tyr move tri
ven support tyr move tri
war move mos
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
England: army gas
England: fleet gre
England: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
