PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move eng
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move apu
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri hold
ven hold
vie move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move bla
apu move tun via convoy
bot move swe
bre move mid
bud move ser
bul move gre
bur move bel
con move bul
den hold
gal move rum
ion convoy apu move tun
kie move hol
lon move eng
nth convoy yor move nwy
ruh support kie move hol
ser move gre
sev move bla
spa hold
ukr support gal move rum
ven move tri
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army smy
build Fleet stp/sc
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
bel support par move bur
bre move eng
bud move ser
bul hold
con support bul
den support kie move hel
eng move bel
hol hold
ion move aeg
kie move hel
lon move eng
mid support bre move eng
mun support ruh
nap move ion
nth support eng move bel
par move bur
ruh support mun
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev move bla
smy move arm
spa hold
tri move alb
ukr hold
ven hold
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army/dislodged bel
England: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move pic
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support tun move gre
alb support bul move gre
ank move bla
arm move smy
bud move vie
bul support tun move gre
bur support pic move bel
con support bul
den support hel move nth
eng move wal
gal move bud
hel move nth
hol support pic move bel
ion convoy tun move gre
lon move eng
mid move eng
mun move tyr
nth support bel
pic move bel
ruh move mun
rum support gal move bud
ser support bul move gre
sev move bla
spa move por
stp/sc hold
swe hold
tri hold
tun move gre via convoy
ukr move sev
ven move tri
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nth move edi
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove alb
build Fleet bre
build Army lvp
build Army rom
build Army war
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre
ank move bla
bel support bur
bre move mid
bud support rum move ser
bul hold
bur support bel
con support bul
den hold
edi move nth
gre support rum move ser
hol hold
ion move adr
lon support edi move nth
lvp move wal
mid move nat
mun move ber
nth support wal move eng
por move spa
rom support ven
rum move ser
ser support tri move bud
sev move bla
smy hold
stp/sc move bot
swe move ska
tri move bud
tyr move ven
ukr move rum
ven hold
vie support tri move bud
wal move iri
war move sil
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Russia: army/dislodged bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet/dislodged nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bud move gal
nth move yor
ser move tri
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
aeg move bul/sc
ank move bla
bel move hol
ber support tyr move mun
bot move stp/sc
bud support tri move ser
bul hold
bur move ruh
con support bul
den hold
gal move bud
gre support ser
hol hold
iri support nat move lvp
lon move eng
mid move eng
nat move lvp
nth move edi
rom move ven
rum support gal move bud
ser support ven move tri
sev move bla
sil move boh
ska move swe
smy hold
spa move mar
tri move ser
tyr move mun
ven move tri
vie move gal
wal move lvp
yor move edi
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
bud move vie
tri move tyr
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Fleet nap
remove nwy
remove tyr
build Army war
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
adr support tri
aeg move gre
ank move bla
bel support ruh move hol
ber move kie
boh move mun
bre support mid move eng
bud move vie
bul move con
con move smy
den support yor move nth
gre move bul
hol hold
iri support mid move eng
lon support wal move yor
lvp support iri
mid move eng
mar move bur
mun support ber move kie
nap move ion
nth move edi
ruh move hol
rum support gre move bul
ser support gre move bul
sev move bla
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
swe move nwy
tri support bud move vie
ven support tri
vie move gal
wal move yor
war move sil
yor move nth
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move tri
ank move bla
arm move sev
bel support hol
boh move mun
bot move swe
bre move pic
bul hold
bur move ruh
con hold
den move swe
edi move cly
eng support iri move wal
gal move war
gre move aeg
hol support bur move ruh
ion move eas
iri move wal
kie support nth move hol
lon move eng
lvp support iri move wal
mun hold
nth move hol
nwy hold
rum move sev
ser move bud
sev move bla
sil move war
smy hold
tri move alb
ven support adr move tri
vie hold
yor move edi
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove edi
remove gal
build Army mar
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
remove smy
build Army war
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
alb move gre
ank move bla
arm move smy
bel move hol
boh move mun
bot move bal
bud hold
bul support aeg move con
cly move nat
con move smy
den move kie
eas move smy
eng support wal move lon
hol move kie
kie move ber
lvp hold
mar move bur
mos move sev
mun support den move kie
nap move tys
nth move den
nwy hold
pic move bel
ruh support boh move mun
rum hold
sev move bla
sil support boh move mun
tri support ven
ven support tri
vie hold
wal move lon
war move pru
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: fleet/dislodged lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
lon move yor
mun move tyr
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
ank move bla
arm move smy
bal support pru move ber
bel move hol
ber support tyr move mun
bud move gal
bul support con
bur move bel
con support sev move bla
den move kie
eas move smy
eng move mid
hol move kie
lon support pic move eng
lvp hold
mos move sev
mun hold
nat move lvp
nth move den
nwy hold
pic move eng
pru move ber
ruh support hol move kie
rum move bud
sev move bla
sil support mun
tri support ven
tyr move mun
ven support tri
vie hold
yor move edi
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army mar
remove nat
build Fleet nap
remove nth
build Fleet stp/nc
remove tyr
build Army war
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank support arm
arm support ank
bal move den
bel move bur
ber hold
bla support sev move arm
bre move eng
bud move vie
bul support gre
con support bla move ank
den move swe
eas move smy
edi hold
eng move nth
gal move boh
gre support bul
hol support kie
kie support bal move den
lon support eng move nth
lvp move cly
mid move spa/sc
mar support bel move bur
mun move bur
nap move tys
nwy move nth
ruh support kie
sev move arm
sil move mun
stp/nc move bar
tri support ven
tys move tus
ven support tri
vie move tyr
war move pru
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Russia: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank support arm
arm support ank
bla move ank
bul support con
bur move mun
cly support nth move edi
con support bla move ank
den hold
edi hold
eng support lon move nth
gre hold
hol support kie
kie support bur move mun
lon move nth
mar move pie
nth move edi
ruh support bur move mun
sev hold
smy hold
spa/sc hold
swe move den
tri support ven
tus hold
tys hold
ven support tri
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
England: fleet/dislodged edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Russia: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
edi move yor
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Russia: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
remove ank
build Fleet mar
build Army par
build Army rom
remove yor
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Russia: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move ank
bar move nrg
ber support boh move mun
bla move ank
boh move mun
bul hold
cly move nrg
con support bla move ank
edi support eng move nth
eng move nth
gre move alb
hol support kie
kie support mun move ber
mar move gol
mun move ber
nth move ska
nwy hold
par move bur
pie move tyr
rom support ven
ruh move mun
sev hold
sil support boh move mun
spa/sc support mar move gol
swe move den
tri support ven
tus move gol
tyr support boh move mun
tys support tus move gol
ven hold
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Russia: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move tri
ank hold
arm support con move ank
bar support nwy
ber support ruh move mun
bul move con
bur support ruh move mun
cly move nrg
con move smy
den hold
edi support cly move nrg
hol move den via convoy
kie support ber
mar move spa/sc
mun hold
nth convoy hol move den
nwy hold
pie move tyr
pru move ber
rom move tus
ruh move mun
sev hold
sil support pru move ber
ska support hol move den
smy move aeg
spa/sc move wes
swe move den
tri move adr
tus move tys
tyr support mun
tys move wes
ven support rom move tus
vie move boh
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
France: army den
Russia: fleet/dislodged den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Russia: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
den move bal
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Russia: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove arm
build Fleet bre
build Army par
build Army stp
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Russia: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move apu
aeg move ion
ank move bla
bal support pru move ber
bar support nwy
ber move mun
boh move mun
bre move mid
bur support ber move mun
con hold
den support ska move swe
edi move nth
kie support ber move mun
mar move gol
mun move tyr
nth move ska
nrg support swe move nwy
nwy hold
par move pic
pie support mun move tyr
pru move ber
rom move tus
sev move ukr
sil support pru move ber
ska move swe
smy move aeg
spa/sc move wes
stp move fin
swe move nwy
tri support tyr
tus move gol
tyr support boh move mun
tys move wes
ven move pie
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
France: fleet swe
Germany: fleet/dislodged swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Russia: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
swe move bot
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
France: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Russia: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
apu move nap
bal support ber
bar support nwy
ber hold
bla hold
boh move mun
bot move stp/sc
bur move ruh
den move swe
fin move stp
ion move tun
kie support mun move ber
mid support spa/sc move wes
mar move spa/sc
mun move ber
nth move den
nrg support swe move nwy
nwy hold
pic move bel
pie move tyr
rom hold
sil support boh move mun
ska support den move swe
spa/sc move wes
swe move nwy
tri move tyr
tus support ven move pie
tyr support boh move mun
tys move gol
ukr move war
ven move pie
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army/dislodged pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
France: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Russia: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun move bur
pie move mar
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Russia: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bot
build Army mos
build Army stp
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Russia: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support fin move swe
bar support nwy
bel support ruh
ber move kie
bur support mar
den support kie
fin move swe
ion move tun
kie support den
gol support pie move mar
mid move naf
mar hold
mun support ber move kie
nap support tus move tys
nth support nrg
nrg support nwy
nwy hold
pie move mar
rom support tri move ven
ruh support kie
sil support mun
ska support swe
spa/sc move gol
stp support nwy
swe support den
tri move ven
tun move naf
tus move tys
tyr support mun
war move pru
wes support mid move naf
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support ber move kie
bar move nwy
bel move hol
ber move kie
bur support kie move mun
con hold
den move swe
ion support tun
kie move mun
gol move wes
mar move pie
mos move war
mun support ber move kie
naf move wes
nap move rom
nth support swe move nwy
nrg support swe move nwy
nwy hold
pie move mar
pru support ber
rom move apu
ruh support kie move mun
sil support mun
ska support swe move nwy
spa/sc support wes move gol
stp move lvn
swe move nwy
tun support gol move wes
tyr support mun
tys support gol move wes
wes move gol
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
France: army/dislodged kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
Russia: fleet/dislodged nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
France: army swe
France: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
France: fleet/dislodged wes
ORDERS
kie move den
nwy disband
wes move mid
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
France: army swe
France: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet stp/sc
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
France: army swe
France: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu move rom
bal convoy lvn move swe
bar move nwy
bur move mun
den support hol move kie
fin support lvn move swe
hol move kie
ion hold
kie hold
lvn move swe via convoy
mid move wes
mar move pie
mun support kie
naf support mid move wes
nth support swe move nwy
nrg support nwy move bar
nwy move bar
pie move mar
rom move tus
ruh support hol move kie
ska move swe
spa/sc move gol
stp/sc move bot
swe move nwy
tun support wes move naf
tyr support mun
tys hold
wes move naf
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
Russia: fleet/dislodged bar
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
Russia: army/dislodged kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
France: fleet/dislodged naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
France: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Russia: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bar move stp/nc
kie move ber
naf move mid
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
France: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Russia: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support ber move kie
bar move stp/nc
ber move kie
bot support swe
bur move mun
den move swe
fin support swe
ion move tys
kie support nth move den
gol move tys
mid move naf
mar support gol move pie
mun support ber move kie
naf move wes
nth move den
nrg support nwy
nwy support den move swe
pru support ber
ruh support kie
sil support ber
ska support den move swe
stp/nc hold
swe hold
tun support naf move wes
tus support tys move gol
tyr support mun
tys move gol
ven support pie
war move gal
wes support gol move tys
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet/dislodged gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
France: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Russia: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
France: fleet/dislodged wes
ORDERS
gol move spa/sc
wes move mid
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Russia: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bar support nwy move stp
bur support mar
den move swe
kie support nth move den
gol support wes move spa
mid support naf
mar support spa/sc
naf support wes
nth move den
nrg move nwy
nwy move stp
pie move mar
ruh support kie
ska support den move swe
spa/sc support mar
tun move naf
tus move tys
tys move wes
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
France: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
France: army stp
Russia: supply stp
France: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
