PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move eng
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move pic
rom hold
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven hold
vie move tri
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move con
bot move swe
bul move gre
con move bul
eng convoy pic move wal
hol support ruh move bel
ion move tun
kie move den
nth move bel
nrg move nwy
pic move wal via convoy
rom move ven
ruh move bel
ser support alb move gre
sev support ukr move rum
spa move por
stp move nwy
tri hold
ukr move rum
ven move tyr
yor move lon
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Fleet kie
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Fleet smy
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
bel move pic
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud support ser
con support bul
den support ber move kie
eng move lon
gre move bul/sc
hol move bel
kie move hol
lon move yor
mos move lvn
mun hold
nap move tys
nrg move nat
por move spa
rum support gre move bul
ser support gre move bul
sev move bla
smy move aeg
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tun move wes
tyr move pie
ven hold
vie support tri
wal move lvp
war hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
ank move bla
bel move eng
bud move ser
bul/sc support ser move gre
con move bul
den hold
hol move bel
kie move hol
lon hold
lvn move war
lvp move yor
mid support spa
mun move bur
nat support yor move lvp
nth move lon
nwy hold
pic move par
pie hold
rum support bul/sc
ser move gre
sev move arm
spa hold
swe move ska
tri move alb
tys move gol
ven hold
vie move bud
war move ukr
wes move spa/sc
yor move lvp
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
France: army/dislodged lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
lvp move edi
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army mar
build Army mun
remove nat
remove nth
build Fleet stp/nc
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move con
alb move tri
arm move bla
bel support eng
bla support con move ank
bre support mid move eng
bud support alb move tri
bul/sc hold
bur move gas
con move ank
den move kie
edi move lvp
eng support ska move nth
gre support bul/sc
hol hold
lon support mid move eng
lvp hold
gol support pie move mar
mid move eng
mar hold
mun move bur
nwy move swe
par support bur move gas
pie move mar
rum support ukr move sev
ser support bul/sc
ska move nth
spa support mar
stp/nc move bar
tri move adr
ukr move sev
ven hold
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: fleet/dislodged eng
Germany: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
eng move wal
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
ank support bla move arm
arm hold
bar move nrg
bel move eng
bla move arm
bud hold
bul/sc move aeg
bur support gas
con move bla
gas support par move bre
gre move bul
hol support bel
kie move den
gol move spa/sc
mar support gol move spa
nth move lon
par move bre
rum support ser move bul
ser support gre move bul
sev support arm
swe move den
tri move ven
ven hold
wal support nth move lon
war hold
wes move mid
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
France: fleet/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
France: fleet/dislodged lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army/dislodged spa
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ven move rom
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army tri
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move apu
aeg support bul move con
ank hold
arm move ank
bel move pic
bla move sev
bre hold
bud hold
bul move con
bur move mar
con support bla
edi move lvp
eng move wal
gas support bur move mar
hol move bel
kie move mun
lon hold
mid move por
mar move pie
mos hold
mun move boh
nap move apu
nrg move cly
rom support nap move apu
rum hold
ser move bul
sev move ukr
spa/sc move wes
swe move nwy
tri move ven
ven move tus
wal move lvp
war hold
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet cly
Austria: army con
Turkey: fleet/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
con move bla
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet cly
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ven
aeg support con
ank move arm
apu move ven
arm move ank
bel hold
bla move rum
boh move vie
bre move gas
bud move vie
bul move ser
cly hold
con support arm move ank
edi move lvp
eng move lon
gas move spa
lon move yor
lvp hold
mar support gas move spa
mos support ukr move sev
mun move tyr
nwy hold
pic move bre
pie move mar
por move spa/sc
rom move tus
rum support ukr move sev
sev support bla move rum
tus support ven
ukr move sev
ven support tus
wal move iri
war hold
wes move tys
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army/dislodged ank
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet cly
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: fleet/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
ank move smy
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet cly
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Army mun
remove smy
build Army vie
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet cly
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
adr move apu
aeg move smy
ank move bla
bel hold
boh support tyr
bre hold
bud support vie
cly move nrg
con move bul
edi support lon move yor
gas move spa
iri move mid
lon move yor
mar support gas move spa
mos move stp
mun move bur
nwy hold
pic move eng
rum support sev
ser move tri
sev support rum
tus move rom
tyr support boh
ven move tri
vie hold
war hold
yor move nth
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
adr move tri
ank hold
apu move ven
bel hold
boh support tyr
bre hold
bud support vie
bul move con
bur support mar
eng move mid
mid move por
mar support spa
nth move yor
nrg convoy nwy move cly
nwy move cly
pie support apu move ven
por move spa/sc
rom support apu move ven
rum support sev
ser move tri
sev support rum
smy move con
spa support mid move por
stp move nwy
tus support ven move rom
tyr support boh
tys move tus
ven move rom
vie hold
war hold
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: army cly
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Germany: fleet por
Germany: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Fleet kie
build Army mun
build Army tri
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: army cly
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Germany: fleet por
Germany: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
ank hold
bel move ruh
boh support tyr
bre move par
bud support bul move rum
bul move rum
bur move mar
cly support nwy move edi
edi move cly
kie move hel
lvp support edi
mid move wes
mar move pie
mun support tyr
nth support nwy move edi
nrg convoy nwy move edi
nwy move edi via convoy
pie support rom move ven
por move spa/sc
rom move ven
rum support sev
ser support bul move rum
sev support rum
smy move con
spa move gas
tri move vie
tus support pie
tyr support mar move pie
tys move wes
ven move apu
vie move gal
war hold
yor move nth
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: army cly
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: army edi
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Germany: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Germany: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
rum move ukr
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: army cly
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: army edi
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Germany: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Germany: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
ank hold
apu move ion
boh support ukr move gal
bud support rum
bur support mun
cly move lvp
con move ank
edi support cly move lvp
gal move boh
gas move spa
hel move hol
ion move tys
lvp support yor
mid move wes
mar move pie
mun support tyr
nth move lon
nrg support edi
par move gas
pie support ven move tyr
ruh move kie
rum hold
ser move tri
sev move rum
spa/sc move gol
tus support pie
tyr support boh
tys move gol
ukr move gal
ven move tyr
vie move tri
war support ukr move gal
yor move edi
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: army cly
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: army edi
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army/dislodged gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Germany: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Germany: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
gal move sil
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: army cly
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Germany: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Germany: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Army mos
build Army tri
remove yor
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: army cly
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Germany: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Germany: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move con
apu move ion
boh support gal move vie
bud support ser move rum
bur move mar
cly move lvp
con move ank
edi support cly move lvp
gal move vie
gas move spa
hol move bel
ion move aeg
kie move ber
lon move eng
mar move pie
mos move ukr
mun support boh
nrg move nat
pie move tyr
rum move ukr
ser move rum
sev support mos move ukr
sil move boh
spa/sc move wes
tri support pie move tyr
tus move pie
tyr support gal move vie
tys support apu move ion
ven support pie move tyr
vie support sil move boh
war support mos move ukr
wes move gol
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
England: army/dislodged lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move con
ank move bla
bel move eng
ber move sil
boh move tyr
bud support rum
bur support mun
con move bul/ec
edi move lvp
eng move iri
gal support sev move rum
ion move tun
lvp move wal
gol support mar move pie
mar move pie
mun support boh move tyr
nat move mid
par move gas
rum hold
ser support rum
sev support ukr move rum
sil support vie move boh
spa move mar
tri move vie
tus move pie
tyr move mun
tys move gol
ukr move rum
ven move tri
vie move boh
war support gal
wes support gol
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/ec
Germany: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: fleet gol
Russia: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army/dislodged tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
ORDERS
tyr move ven
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/ec
Germany: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Germany: fleet gol
Russia: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army kie
build Army mos
build Fleet rom
remove tus
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/ec
Germany: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Germany: fleet gol
Russia: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber support mun
bla support ukr move rum
boh move gal
bud support ser move rum
bul/ec move bla
bur support mun
con support bul/ec move bla
eng move bre
gal support ukr move rum
gas support bur
iri hold
kie support ber
lvp move yor
gol support mar move pie
mid move naf
mar move pie
mos move ukr
mun support tyr
rom move tus
rum move sev
ser move rum
sil move mun
spa move mar
tri move tyr
tun support tys
tyr hold
tys support rom move tus
ukr move rum
ven support tri move tyr
vie support boh move gal
wal hold
war support gal
wes support gol
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Russia: fleet/dislodged bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Germany: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
bla move ank
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Germany: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
ank move con
ber support mun
bla convoy rum move ank
boh support vie move gal
bre move eng
bud support ser move rum
bur support mun
con support rum move ank
gal support ukr
gas support mar
iri move mid
kie support ber
gol move tys
mar support pie
mos move sev
mun hold
naf move tun
pie move tus
rum move ank via convoy
ser move rum
sev move arm
sil support vie move gal
tun support tys
tus support tyr move pie
tyr move pie
tys support tun
ukr support mos move sev
ven support tyr move pie
vie move gal
wal hold
war support gal
wes support naf move tun
yor move lon
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Russia: army lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Germany: fleet gol
Russia: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Germany: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Italy: fleet/dislodged tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
ORDERS
tun move ion
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Russia: army lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Germany: fleet gol
Russia: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Germany: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army mos
build Army stp
remove ven
build Army vie
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Russia: army lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Germany: fleet gol
Russia: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Germany: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move arm
arm move smy
ber support war move sil
bla support ank move arm
boh move tyr
bud support gal move rum
bur support mun
con move smy
eng convoy wal move naf
gal move rum
gas move spa
ion support tys
kie support mun
lon hold
gol support wes move tys
mid convoy wal move naf
mar move pie
mos move war
mun support war move sil
pie move mar
rum move sev
sev support ukr move rum
sil move gal
stp move lvn
tun support wes move tys
tus support tys
tys hold
ukr move rum
vie support sil move gal
wal move naf via convoy
war move sil
wes move tys
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Russia: army/dislodged arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Russia: army lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
Germany: fleet gol
Russia: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: army naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Germany: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: army/dislodged sil
Austria: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move syr
sil move boh
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Russia: army lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
Germany: fleet gol
Russia: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: army naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Germany: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Italy: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move sev
ber support mun
bla support arm move sev
boh move gal
bud move ser
bur support mun
con move smy
eng move bre
gal move ukr
ion support tys
kie move ruh
lon hold
lvn hold
gol support tun move tys
mid move naf
mar move pie
mun support sil move boh
naf move tun
pie hold
rum support gal move ukr
sev support syr move arm
sil move boh
spa hold
syr move arm
tun move tys
tus support tys
tyr support pie
tys hold
ukr support sev
vie support boh move gal
war move gal
wes support tun move tys
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Russia: army lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
Germany: fleet gol
Russia: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: army naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Germany: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Russia: army/dislodged ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
ORDERS
sev move mos
ukr disband
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Russia: army lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
Germany: fleet gol
Russia: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: army naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Germany: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army kie
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Russia: army lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
Germany: fleet gol
Russia: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: army naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Germany: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move ank
ber move sil
bla support sev move arm
boh support mun move tyr
bre move eng
bud move gal
bur move mun
gal move boh
ion support tys
kie move ber
lon hold
lvn move mos
gol support mar move pie
mid hold
mar move pie
mos move ukr
mun move tyr
naf support tun
pie hold
ruh move kie
rum move sev
ser move bul
sev move arm
smy move eas
spa move mar
tun support wes move tys
tus support tys
tyr support pie
tys hold
ukr support rum move sev
vie support gal move boh
war move gal
wes move tys
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
Russia: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Russia: army lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
Germany: fleet gol
Russia: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: army naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Italy: army/dislodged pie
Germany: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
ORDERS
pie move ven
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
Russia: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Russia: army lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
Germany: fleet gol
Russia: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: army naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank hold
ber move pru
bla support arm move ank
boh move tyr
bud move gal
bul move con
bur support mun
eas move smy
eng move bre
ion move tun
kie move ber
lon hold
lvn move war
gol support mar move pie
mid move naf
mar move pie
mos support war move ukr
mun support pie move tyr
naf move tun
pie move tyr
sev support ukr
sil move boh
tun move ion
tus move gol
tyr move pie
tys move wes
ukr support bud move gal
ven support tyr move pie
vie support boh move tyr
war move ukr
wes support gol
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Russia: army lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
Germany: fleet gol
Russia: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: army naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army kie
build Army stp
remove ukr
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Russia: army lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
Germany: fleet gol
Russia: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: army naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move con
arm support con move ank
ber support sil
bla move sev
boh move mun
bre move mid
bur support mun
con move ank
gal move ukr
ion move tun
kie move ruh
lvn support stp move mos
gol support wes move tys
mar support pie
mos move ukr
mun support sil
pie hold
pru support lvn move war
sev move rum
sil support war move gal
smy hold
stp move mos
tus move gol
tyr move pie
tys move wes
ven support tyr move pie
vie move tyr
war support mos move ukr
wes move tys
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Russia: army lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
Germany: fleet gol
Russia: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: army naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: fleet sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm support sev
ber support mun
boh move mun
bre move gas
bur support mar
gal move ukr
ion move tun
lon hold
lvn move war
gol support wes move tys
mid move wes
mar support pie
mos support lvn move war
mun support sil move boh
naf support tun
pie hold
pru support lvn move war
ruh support mun
rum support gal move ukr
sev hold
sil move boh
smy move aeg
tun support wes move tys
tus support ven move pie
tyr move pie
tys support ion move tun
ukr support war move gal
ven move pie
vie move gal
war move gal
wes move tys
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Germany: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Russia: army lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
Germany: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: army naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: fleet sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Germany: fleet tys
Italy: fleet/dislodged tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
tys move rom
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Germany: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Russia: army lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
Germany: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: army naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: fleet sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Germany: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army stp
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Germany: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Russia: army lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
Germany: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: army naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: fleet sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Germany: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank move con
arm move sev
ber move sil
boh support mun move tyr
bud move gal
bur support ruh move mun
gas move mid
ion move alb
lon hold
lvn support war
gol support pie move tus
mar move pie
mos move ukr
mun move tyr
naf move tun
pie move tus
pru support war
rom move nap
ruh move mun
rum support ukr
sev move bla
stp move mos
tun move ion
tus move pie
tyr support tus move pie
tys support tun move ion
ukr support arm move sev
ven support tus move pie
vie support tyr
war support mos move ukr
wes support tys
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Russia: army lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
Germany: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Russia: army tun
Russia: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Germany: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move gre
bla move con
boh support pie move tyr
bur support mun
con move bul
gal hold
ion move nap
lon hold
lvn support stp move mos
gol support mar move pie
mid move naf
mar move pie
mos move ukr
mun support pie move tyr
nap move rom
pie move tyr
pru support war
ruh support mun
rum move ser
sev support ukr
sil move gal
stp move mos
tun hold
tus move tys
tyr move pie
tys support ion move nap
ukr support gal
ven move rom
vie support gal
war support mos move ukr
wes support tys
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Russia: army lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
Germany: fleet gol
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Russia: army tun
Russia: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
Austria: army/dislodged tyr
Germany: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
tyr disband
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Russia: army lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
Germany: fleet gol
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Russia: army tun
Russia: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
Germany: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army rom
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Russia: army lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
Germany: fleet gol
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Russia: army tun
Russia: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
Germany: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
boh support sil move gal
bud support gal move vie
bur move mar
con move aeg
gal move vie
gre support aeg move ion
ion move nap
lon hold
lvn support war
gol support pie move tus
mun support boh
naf support tun
nap support tus move tys
pie move tus
pru move sil
rom support ven
ruh support mun
ser move tri
sev support ukr
sil move gal
stp support mos
tun hold
tus move tys
tyr move ven
tys support ion move nap
ukr hold
vie move tyr
war support sil move gal
wes support tys
PHASE 1913 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Austria: army/dislodged gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: supply kie
Russia: army lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
Germany: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Russia: army tun
Russia: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Germany: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
gal move rum
ion move adr
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Russia: army lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
Germany: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Russia: army tun
Russia: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Germany: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg move ion
boh move vie
bud support vie
bul move ser
gal support boh move vie
gre move alb
ion move adr
lon hold
lvn move pru
gol support mar move pie
mar move pie
mos hold
mun support tyr
naf move tun
nap move tys
rom support ven move tus
ruh move bur
rum move gal
sev support ukr
sil move boh
stp support mos
tri move tyr
tun hold
tus support adr move ven
tyr support adr move ven
tys support tus
ukr hold
ven move tus
vie hold
war support gal
wes support tys
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Russia: army lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Germany: fleet gol
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army tun
Russia: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Germany: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Russia: fleet ven
Russia: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet kie
remove tus
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Russia: army lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Germany: fleet gol
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army tun
Russia: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Russia: fleet ven
Russia: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ven
alb move ion
boh support gal
bud support vie
bur move mar
gal support boh
ion move apu
kie move hel
lon hold
gol move tus
mos support war move ukr
mun support tyr
naf support tun
nap move rom
pie support ven
pru move war
rom move tus
rum move gal
ser move bul
sev support ukr
sil support gal
stp support mos
tri move tyr
tun hold
tyr support ven
tys support gol move tus
ukr support rum move gal
ven hold
vie support rum move gal
war move ukr
wes support tys
PHASE 1914 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Russia: army lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army tun
Russia: supply tun
Germany: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
Germany: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Russia: fleet ven
Russia: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support rom move ven
apu support rom move ven
boh support gal
bud move vie
bul move ser
gal support boh
hel move nth
ion move tys
lon hold
mar support pie
mos hold
mun support tyr
naf support tun
nap move rom
pie support ven
pru support war
rom move ven
rum move gal
sev support ukr
sil support gal
stp move lvn
tri support bud move vie
tun hold
tus move rom
tyr support boh
tys support tus move rom
ukr support rum move gal
ven hold
vie move tyr
war support mos
wes support tys
PHASE 1914 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Russia: army lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army tun
Russia: supply tun
Germany: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
Germany: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army rom
build Army stp
PHASE 1915 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Russia: army lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army tun
Russia: supply tun
Germany: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
Germany: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ven
apu move ion
boh support tyr move vie
bud move vie
gal support tyr move vie
ion move tys
lon move yor
lvn support war
mar support pie
mos support war
mun support tyr
naf move wes
nap support ion move tys
nth move edi
pie support tyr
pru move ber
rom move tus
rum move gal
ser move bud
sev support ukr
sil move ber
stp support mos
tri support vie move tyr
tun move spa via convoy
tus support tys
tyr move vie
tys support ven move tus
ukr support rum move gal
ven support rom move tus
vie move tyr
wes convoy tun move spa
PHASE 1915 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Russia: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: fleet/dislodged tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Germany: fleet/dislodged tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
tys move tun
PHASE 1915 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Russia: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Germany: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
adr support ser move tri
boh support war move gal
bud support vie
edi move nth
gal move boh
ion support nap move tys
lvn support pru move war
mar support pie
mos hold
mun support tyr
naf support tun
nap move tys
pie support tyr
pru move war
ser move tri
sev support ukr
sil support war move gal
spa hold
stp support mos
tri move tyr
tun hold
tus support ven
tyr support pie
tys move gol
ukr support gal
ven support tri move tyr
vie support tri move tyr
war move gal
wes move gol
yor move edi
PHASE 1915 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army/dislodged gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Russia: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Germany: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
gal move rum
PHASE 1915 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Russia: army spa
Russia: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Germany: fleet tun
Germany: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet kie
PHASE 1916 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Russia: army spa
Russia: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Germany: fleet tun
Germany: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ven
ber move pru
boh support tyr
bud support vie
edi move bel via convoy
gal support war move ukr
ion move tys
kie move hel
lvn support mos
mar support pie
mos support war move ukr
mun support boh
naf support tun
nap support ion move tys
nth convoy edi move bel
pie support tyr
rum support ukr
ser move alb
sev support ukr
sil support gal
spa move gas
stp support mos
tri support vie
tun support wes move tys
tus move rom
tyr support pie
tys move tus
ukr hold
ven support tys move tus
vie hold
war move ukr
wes move tys
PHASE 1916 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Russia: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Germany: fleet tun
Germany: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
alb hold
bel move ruh
boh support tyr
bud support vie
gal support war move ukr
gas hold
hel move nth
ion move tys
lvn support mos
mar support pie
mos support war move ukr
mun support tyr
naf move wes
nap support ion move tys
nth move eng
pie support tyr
pru support sil
rom support ven
rum support ukr
sev support ukr
sil support gal
stp support mos
tri support vie
tun hold
tus move gol
tyr support boh
ukr hold
ven support tri
vie hold
war move ukr
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1916 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Russia: supply spa
Russia: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Germany: fleet tun
Germany: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1917 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Russia: supply spa
Russia: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Germany: fleet tun
Germany: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move ser
boh support tyr
bud support vie
eng move mid
gal support war move ukr
gas move spa
ion support tys move tun
lvn support stp move mos
gol move wes
mar support pie
mos move sev
mun support tyr
nap move tys
nth move eng
pie support tyr
pru support sil
rom support ven
ruh hold
rum support ukr
sev support ukr
sil support gal
spa/sc move gol
stp move mos
tri support vie
tun hold
tyr support boh
tys move tun
ukr hold
ven support tri
vie hold
war move ukr
wes support tun
PHASE 1917 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Russia: supply spa
Russia: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Germany: fleet/dislodged tun
Germany: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
ORDERS
tun move naf
PHASE 1917 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Russia: supply spa
Russia: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Germany: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
ORDERS
boh support tyr
bud support rum move gal
eng move bre
gal move ukr
gas support mid move spa
ion support tun
lvn support war
gol support tys
mid support wes
mar support pie
mos support gal move ukr
mun support tyr
naf move tun
pie support tyr
pru support sil
rom move tus
ruh hold
rum move gal
ser move rum
sev support ukr
sil support gal
spa/sc move gol
stp support mos
tri support vie
tun support gol move wes
tys support gol
ukr support rum move gal
ven support rom move tus
vie support rum move gal
war support gal move ukr
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1917 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Russia: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Russia: supply spa
Russia: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove pru
PHASE 1918 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Russia: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Russia: supply spa
Russia: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
ORDERS
boh support mun
bre hold
bud move gal
gal move ukr
gas move bur
ion move aeg
lvn move war
gol support tys move wes
mid support naf
mar support pie
mos support ukr
mun support boh
naf support wes
pie support tyr
ruh support mun
rum support gal move ukr
sev support gal move ukr
sil support boh
spa/sc support wes
stp move lvn
tri support vie
tun support tys move wes
tus support ven
tyr support pie
tys move wes
ukr support war move gal
ven support tus
vie support bud move gal
war move gal
wes support naf
PHASE 1918 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Russia: supply spa
Russia: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
boh support tyr
bre move gas
bur hold
gal support vie
lvn support war
gol move mar
mid support wes
mar support pie
mos hold
mun support tyr
naf move tun
pie support tyr
ruh hold
rum support gal
sev support ukr
sil support boh
spa/sc support wes
stp support mos
tri move tyr
tun support tys move wes
tus move pie
tyr support pie
tys move wes
ukr support gal
ven support tus move pie
vie support gal
war support sil move gal
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1918 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: fleet gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Germany: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Russia: supply spa
Russia: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army bud
PHASE 1919 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: fleet gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Germany: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Russia: supply spa
Russia: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber support mun
boh support tyr
bud move gal
bur support mar
gal move boh
gas support spa/sc
ion support tun
lvn support war
gol support pie move mar
mid support wes
mar hold
mos hold
mun support tyr
naf move tun
pie move mar
ruh hold
rum support bud move gal
sev support ukr
sil support war
spa/sc move gol
stp move fin
tri move tyr
tun support tys move wes
tyr support boh
tys support gol
ukr support bud move gal
ven support tri move tyr
vie support tri move tyr
war support mos
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1919 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Germany: fleet gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Germany: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Russia: supply spa
Russia: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move pru
boh hold
bud move gal
bur support mar
fin hold
gal move war
gas support spa/sc
ion support tun
lvn support war
gol move wes
mid support wes
mar hold
mos hold
mun support boh
naf support wes
pie move mar
ruh support mun
rum support ukr
sev move mos
sil support boh
spa/sc move gol
tun support gol move wes
tyr hold
tys support gol move wes
ukr support sev move mos
ven support tyr
vie support bud move gal
war support mos
wes support spa/sc move gol
PHASE 1919 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Germany: fleet gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
Russia: fleet gol
Italy: fleet/dislodged gol
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Russia: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
ORDERS
gol move tus
mos move stp
PHASE 1919 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Germany: fleet gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
Russia: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Russia: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet kie
build Army tri
PHASE 1920 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Germany: fleet gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
Russia: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Russia: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
ORDERS
boh hold
bud move rum
bur hold
fin move stp
gal move war
gas move mid
ion move tys
kie move bal
lvn support stp move mos
gol support wes
mid move spa/sc
mar move pie
mos support gal move war
mun support boh
naf move tun
pie move mar
pru support war
ruh hold
rum move sev
sil support boh
stp move mos
tri move ser
tun move wes
tus support tys move gol
tyr move boh
tys move gol
ukr support mos
ven support tyr
vie support tyr move boh
war support stp move mos
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1920 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Russia: supply spa
Germany: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Germany: fleet tun
Austria: fleet/dislodged tun
Austria: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
ORDERS
tun move ion
PHASE 1920 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Russia: supply spa
Germany: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Germany: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move bot
boh hold
bur move par
fin support stp
gal move boh
ion support tys move tun
lvn support war
gol move wes
mid support wes
mar hold
mos hold
mun support boh
pie move mar
pru support war
ruh support mun
rum move gal
ser move rum
sev support mos
sil move gal
spa/sc support wes
stp move mos
tun hold
tus move rom
tyr support gal move boh
tys move tun
ukr support mos
ven move tri
vie support gal move boh
war hold
wes support tun
PHASE 1920 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Russia: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Russia: supply spa
Germany: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Germany: fleet/dislodged tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
ORDERS
tun move naf
PHASE 1920 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Russia: army par
Russia: supply par
Italy: army pie
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Germany: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army kie
build Fleet nap
PHASE 1921 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Russia: army par
Russia: supply par
Italy: army pie
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Germany: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
ORDERS
boh support rum move gal
bot support lvn
bud support rum move gal
fin move stp
ion support tun
kie support mun
lvn support stp move mos
gol support pie move mar
mid move spa/sc
mar hold
mos hold
mun hold
naf move tun
nap support ion
par move bur
pie move mar
pru support war
rom support nap
ruh support mun
rum move gal
sev support mos
sil support mun
spa/sc move gol
stp move mos
tri support tyr
tun support rom move tys
tyr support boh
ukr support mos
vie support rum move gal
war support stp move mos
wes support spa/sc move gol
PHASE 1921 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
Germany: fleet gol
Italy: fleet/dislodged gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Russia: supply par
Italy: army pie
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Germany: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
ORDERS
gol move tus
PHASE 1921 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
Germany: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Russia: supply par
Italy: army pie
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Germany: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
ORDERS
boh support gal
bot support lvn
bud hold
bur support mun
fin move stp
gal support boh
ion support tun
kie support mun
lvn support stp move mos
gol support spa/sc move wes
mar hold
mos hold
mun hold
naf support wes move tun
nap move tys
pie hold
pru support sil
rom support nap move tys
ruh support mun
ser hold
sev support mos
sil support war
spa/sc move wes
stp move mos
tri move ven
tun support nap move tys
tus support pie
tyr support boh
ukr support mos
vie support gal
war support stp move mos
wes move tun
PHASE 1921 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
Germany: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Russia: supply par
Italy: army pie
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Germany: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1922 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
Germany: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Russia: supply par
Italy: army pie
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Germany: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
ORDERS
boh support gal move sil
bot support lvn
bud move gal
bur support mun
fin move stp
gal move sil
ion support tun
kie support mun
lvn support stp move mos
gol hold
mar hold
mos hold
mun hold
naf support wes
pie move ven
pru support war
rom move tus
ruh support mun
ser move rum
sev support mos
sil support mun
spa/sc support gol
stp move mos
tun support tys move wes
tus move pie
tyr move mun
tys move wes
ukr support mos
ven move tri
vie support boh
war support stp move mos
wes hold
PHASE 1922 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
Germany: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Russia: supply par
Italy: fleet pie
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Germany: army/dislodged sil
Austria: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Germany: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
ORDERS
sil move ber
PHASE 1922 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
Germany: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Russia: supply par
Italy: fleet pie
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Germany: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber support mun
boh move mun
bot support lvn
bur support mun
fin move stp
gal support sil move war
ion move tun
kie support mun
lvn support stp move mos
gol support mar move pie
mar move pie
mos support sil move war
mun hold
naf support wes
pie move gol
pru support war
ruh support mun
rum move ser
sev support mos
sil move war
spa/sc support gol
stp move mos
tri move ven
tun move wes
tus support pie move gol
tyr support boh move mun
tys support pie move gol
ukr support sil move war
ven move pie
vie move bud
war support stp move mos
wes support gol
PHASE 1922 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Russia: supply par
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Germany: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army vie
PHASE 1923 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Russia: supply par
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Germany: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber support mun
boh move sil
bot support lvn
bud move vie
bur support mun
fin support stp
gal support boh move sil
ion support tun
kie support mun
lvn support stp
gol move wes
mar hold
mos hold
mun hold
naf support wes
pru support lvn
ruh support mun
sev support mos
spa/sc support wes
stp support lvn
tri move ven
tun support gol move wes
tus support ven move pie
tyr move mun
tys support gol move wes
ukr support war
ven move pie
vie move boh
war support boh move sil
wes hold
PHASE 1923 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Russia: supply par
Italy: army pie
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Germany: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
ORDERS
