PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar support par move bur
mos move stp
mun hold
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move nap
sev move rum
smy hold
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
bot convoy stp move swe
bul move gre
bur move bel
con move aeg
gal move bud
hol hold
ion convoy nap move tun
kie move den
mid move por
mar move spa
mun hold
nap move tun via convoy
nth convoy yor move nwy
nrg support yor move nwy
rum hold
ser support alb move gre
smy move con
stp move swe via convoy
tri move bud
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Fleet edi
build Army kie
build Fleet mar
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Army stp
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul
ber move sil
bot support swe
bre move mid
bud support vie move gal
con move ank
den move swe
edi move cly
gal move rum
gre move bul/sc
ion move eas
kie move ber
mar move gol
nap move ion
nth support nwy
nrg move bar
nwy support den move swe
par move gas
por move spa/sc
rum move bla
ser support gre move bul
smy move con
spa move mar
stp hold
swe hold
tri move ser
vie move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg hold
ank hold
bar move stp/nc
ber move pru
bla move rum
bot move stp/sc
bud support gal move rum
bul hold
con hold
den hold
eas move ion
gal move rum
gas move bur
gre move bul/sc
hol hold
ion move tys
gol move tys
mid move naf
mar move pie
mun hold
nth support nwy
nwy support den move swe
rum move gal
ser support gal move rum
sil hold
spa/sc move wes
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri support ser
ven move pie
war support rum move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
rum move ukr
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bla
build Army vie
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move smy
ank support aeg move smy
bar move stp/nc
bot move bal
bud move ser
bul move ser
bur move mar
cly move nrg
con support bul
den move kie
eas move smy
gre support ser move bul
ion move nap
gol convoy mar move tus
mar move tus via convoy
mun move sil
naf move wes
nth move nwy
nwy move fin
pru support sil move war
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sil move war
stp support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
ukr support war
vie move tyr
war hold
wes move tys
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move den
bar support fin move stp
bul move con
eas move ion
fin move stp
gre move aeg
hol move kie
kie move den
gol move tys
mun move ber
nap support ven move rom
nrg move nwy
pru support sil move war
rum move sev
ser move bul
sil move war
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri move ven
tus move rom
tyr support tri move ven
tys move tun
ukr support war
ven move rom
war hold
wes support tys move tun
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army/dislodged tun
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
tun disband
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
remove ion
remove nwy
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support bul move con
bal move den
bar move nwy
ber move pru
bre move eng
bud move gal
bul move con
kie move mun
nap support rom
nth move ska
nrg move nth
pru move lvn
rom support nap
ser move rum
sev move arm
stp support bar move nwy
swe support bal move den
tri move alb
tun move naf
tus move rom
tyr move mun
tys support tus move rom
ukr move mos
ven support tus move rom
vie move boh
war move lvn
wes move mid
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Turkey: fleet/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: army rom
Italy: army/dislodged rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
rom move apu
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Austria: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
apu move rom
arm support aeg move smy
bel move wal via convoy
ber support sil
boh move mun
con support aeg move smy
den support swe
eng convoy bel move wal
kie move mun
mid move nat
mar move bur
mos move sev
naf move mid
nap support apu move rom
nth move lon
nwy support ska move swe
pru move war
rum move sev
sil move mun
ska move swe
stp move mos
swe support den
tyr support boh move mun
tys support rom
war hold
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Austria: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: fleet smy
Turkey: fleet/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Austria: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove apu
remove ber
build Army bud
remove kie
build Army lvp
build Army mar
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
arm support con move ank
bud move vie
bur move bel
con move ank
den move ska
eng support wal move lon
gal support war
hol move kie
lon support ska move nth
lvp move wal
mid move wes
mar move pie
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nat move cly
nap hold
nwy move nrg
pru move ber
rom support tys move nap
rum move sev
sil move mun
ska move nth
stp move nwy
swe move nwy
tri move alb
tyr move mun
tys move nap
vie move boh
wal move lon
war hold
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
England: fleet/dislodged lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: fleet/dislodged nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
lon move yor
nap move ion
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
alb move adr
ank move con
arm move sev
bel move ruh
ber support sil move mun
boh move mun
cly move lvp
eng support lon
gal move sil
ion move aeg
kie move hol
mos move stp
nap support ion
nth support yor move lon
nrg move edi
pie move ven
rom support pie move ven
ruh support boh move mun
sev move ukr
sil move mun
ska support swe move nwy
smy move aeg
stp move nwy
swe move nwy
tyr support ven
vie move boh
wal move lvp
war move ukr
wes move tun
yor move lon
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
remove con
remove edi
remove ion
build Army kie
build Fleet mar
build Army par
remove stp
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
adr move apu
arm move ank
bel move ruh
ber support mun
boh support ruh move mun
cly move lvp
eng support lon
gre move ion
hol hold
kie support mun
mar move gol
mos move ukr
mun hold
nap support tun move ion
nth move lon
nwy move stp
par move bur
pie move tyr
rom move ven
ruh move mun
sev move mos
sil support ruh move mun
ska move nth
smy move aeg
tun move ion
tyr support ruh move mun
vie move gal
wal support nth move lon
war move gal
yor support nth move lon
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg support gre move ion
apu support gre move ion
bel move ruh
ber support mun
boh support vie move gal
bur support mun
eng move lon
gre move ion
hol move hel
kie support mun
lvp move wal
gol move tys
mos move sev
mun hold
nap support ion
nth support eng move lon
pie move ven
rom support pie move ven
ruh move mun
sil move war
stp support war move mos
tyr support ven
ukr move rum
ven support tyr
vie move gal
wal move lvp
war move mos
yor move edi
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: fleet/dislodged lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ion move adr
lon disband
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Fleet mar
build Fleet tri
remove wal
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg support ion
ank move con
apu move nap
bel support bur move ruh
ber support mun
boh move gal
bre move mid
bur move ruh
gal move ukr
hel move hol
ion support apu move nap
kie support mun
lon move yor
lvp move cly
mar move gol
mos support stp move lvn
mun hold
nth support hel move hol
pie support adr move ven
rom support adr move ven
ruh move hol
rum move bud
sev support gal move ukr
stp move lvn
tri support ven
tyr move pie
tys support nap
ven support tyr move pie
war support gal move ukr
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg move gre
apu move nap
ber move sil
bud support adr move tri
cly move edi
con move bul
gal support war
ion support apu move nap
kie move den
lvn support mos move war
gol move wes
mid move naf
mos move war
mun move tyr
nap move apu
pie move ven
rom support pie move ven
ruh move bur
sev move mos
tri support ven
tyr support ven
tys move ion
ukr support sev move mos
ven move rom
war support sev move mos
yor support cly move edi
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
England: fleet/dislodged edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
France: fleet tri
Austria: fleet/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
France: army ven
Austria: army/dislodged ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
mos move stp
tri move alb
ven move tus
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
France: fleet tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
remove gre
build Fleet mar
build Army par
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
France: fleet tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
alb support apu move adr
apu move adr
ber move pru
bre move eng
bud move gal
bul move ser
bur move mar
den move kie
gal support war
ion move tun
lvn move war
mar move pie
mos support war
mun move tyr
naf move tun
nap support ven move apu
par move bur
rom move tus
sil support lvn move war
stp move mos
tri move ven
tus move pie
tyr move vie
tys support rom move tus
ukr support mos
ven move apu
war support mos
wes support naf move tun
yor move lon
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
France: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
France: fleet ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support alb move tri
alb move tri
apu support tus move ven
bud support tyr move vie
bur move mar
edi support lon move nth
eng support lon move nth
gal move rum
ion move tys
kie move ber
lon move nth
mar move gol
nap support tun move ion
nth move ska
par move bur
pru support war
ser support vie move bud
sil support war
stp move mos
tun move ion
tus move ven
tyr move vie
tys support tun move ion
ukr support gal move rum
ven move adr
vie move bud
war support stp move mos
wes move tun
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
France: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Russia: army/dislodged bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Austria: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Austria: army/dislodged mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
France: fleet ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bud move gal
ion move gre
mos move sev
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
France: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
France: fleet ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove gol
build Army mun
build Army stp
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
France: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
France: fleet ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move alb
apu move nap
ber move kie
bud support rum move gal
edi support eng move nth
eng move nth
gal move ukr
gre move aeg
ion move eas
mar move pie
mos support gal move ukr
mun move tyr
nap move ion
nth move nrg
pru move sil
rum move gal
ser move tri
sev move mos
sil move gal
ska move swe
stp support mos
tri move adr
tun support nap move ion
tus move ven
tys support nap move ion
ukr support sev move mos
ven move apu
vie move bud
war support gal move ukr
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
France: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move smy
alb support adr move ion
apu support ven
bel move nwy via convoy
bud support tri move vie
eas convoy nap move syr
edi move nrg
ion convoy nap move syr
mos support ukr move sev
nap move syr via convoy
nth convoy bel move nwy
nrg move bar
pie support ven
pru move sil
rum support sev
sev support rum
sil move gal
stp move lvn
swe move nwy
tri move vie
tun support ion
tyr move tri
tys support ion
ukr move sev
vie support tyr move tri
war support sil move gal
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
France: fleet apu
France: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
France: army syr
Germany: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Germany: army/dislodged vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
vie move tyr
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
France: fleet apu
France: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
France: army syr
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
France: fleet apu
France: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
France: army syr
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
alb move gre
apu support tys move ion
bar move stp/nc
bel move nwy via convoy
bud move ser
bur move bel
eas support ion move aeg
gal support tyr move vie
ion move aeg
kie move mun
lvn move stp
mos move sev
nth convoy bel move nwy
nrg support bel move nwy
pie support ven
rum move bul
sev move arm
sil move boh
swe move nwy
syr move arm
tri support tyr move vie
tun support tys move ion
tyr move vie
tys move ion
ukr support mos move sev
vie move bud
war support gal
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
France: fleet apu
France: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Austria: army/dislodged sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
France: army syr
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
sev move rum
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
France: fleet apu
France: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
France: army syr
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg move smy
apu support ven
bar move stp/nc
bel move bur
boh move mun
bud support adr move tri
bul move con
eas support aeg move smy
gal move bud
gre move aeg
ion move aeg
lvn move stp
mun move ruh
nth move ska
nrg move nth
nwy support bar move stp
pie move tyr
ser support adr move tri
sev support ukr move rum
smy support bul move con
swe move nwy
syr move arm
tri move ser
tun move ion
ukr move rum
ven support pie move tyr
vie support tri
war move mos
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
France: fleet apu
France: army arm
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Austria: supply sev
France: fleet ska
France: fleet smy
Austria: fleet/dislodged smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Germany: army/dislodged tri
Austria: fleet tri
Germany: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
rum move bul
smy disband
tri move alb
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Germany: army alb
Austria: supply ank
France: fleet apu
France: army arm
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: fleet ska
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army par
build Fleet stp/nc
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Germany: army alb
Austria: supply ank
France: fleet apu
France: army arm
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: fleet ska
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move tri
apu move adr
arm move smy
bar move stp/nc
bre move eng
bud move rum
bul move con
bur move bel
con move ank
eas support ion move aeg
gal move bud
gre move alb
ion move aeg
lvn support stp/nc
mun move boh
nth support bur move bel
nwy move swe
par move bur
ruh move kie
rum support gal move bud
ser support bud move rum
sev support rum
ska support nwy move swe
smy move con
stp/nc support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tri support gre move alb
tun move ion
tyr move mun
ven support tri
vie support alb move tri
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
France: army arm
France: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: fleet ska
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
France: army swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
swe move bal
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
France: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: fleet ska
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
France: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
aeg move gre
alb support tri
arm move ank
bal move ber
bar move nwy
bel move hol
boh move mun
bud support rum move ser
bul move con
bur support mun
eas move aeg
eng move bel
hol hold
ion support aeg move gre
kie support hol
lvn move stp
mos move sev
nth support bel move hol
rum move ser
ser support tri
sev move rum
ska move den
stp/nc move nwy
swe support ska move den
ven move tri
vie move tyr
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
France: army arm
France: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
France: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
France: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ser move bul
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
France: army arm
France: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
France: army swe
France: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
