PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move hol
lon move eng
lvp move wal
mos move ukr
mun move bur
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move apu
sev move rum
smy move ank
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move pie
vie move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move con
apu move tun via convoy
bot move swe
bud move vie
bul move gre
bur move bel
con move aeg
eng convoy wal move bre
gal move bud
hol support bur move bel
ion convoy apu move tun
kie move den
mid move por
nth move nwy
pic move par
pie move mar
rum hold
ser support alb move gre
ukr support rum
wal move bre via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
build Fleet edi
build Army kie
build Army lon
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army smy
build Army stp
build Army tri
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul move gre
bel move pic
ber move bal
bre move gas
bud move ser
bul move gre
con move bul
den move swe
edi move nrg
eng convoy lon move bre
gre hold
hol move bel
ion support gre
kie move ber
lon move bre via convoy
mos hold
mun move bur
nap move tys
pie move mar
por move spa/sc
rum move sev
ser move bul
smy move con
stp move lvn
swe hold
tri move bud
tun hold
ukr support war move gal
vie support tri move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Russia: army/dislodged bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bud move rum
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg convoy smy move gre
bal support nwy move swe
bel move hol
ber move pru
bre support pic move par
bud hold
bul support smy move gre
bur support pie move mar
den support nwy move swe
eng move mid
gal move boh
gas move spa
gre support ser move bul
ion support gre
lvn support mos move stp
mar support spa/sc
mos move stp
nrg move nth
nwy move swe
par move bre
pic move par
pie move mar
rum support ukr move gal
ser move bul
sev support rum
smy move gre via convoy
spa/sc support mar
swe move nwy
tys move gol
ukr move gal
vie support bud
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
swe move bot
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove boh
build Army edi
remove lvn
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army tri
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul move gre
bal move lvn
bot move bal
bud support vie move gal
bul move gre
bur support par
con move bul
den hold
edi move nwy via convoy
gal move bud
gas move spa
hol move bel
ion move eas
gol support gas move spa
mid support gas move spa
mar support gas move spa
mun move sil
nap move ion
nth convoy edi move nwy
par hold
pru move war
rum support gal move bud
ser support gre
sev move rum
spa/sc move por
stp move lvn
swe support edi move nwy
tri support bud
vie move gal
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gal move ukr
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bal support den move swe
bel move nth
bot move bal
bud move rum
bul move ser
bur move pic
con support smy
den move swe
eas convoy tun move syr
gal support bud move rum
gre hold
ion convoy tun move syr
gol support mar move spa
mid move por
mar move spa
nth move nrg
nwy support swe
par support bur move pic
por move spa/nc
rum move gal
ser support gre
sev move rum
sil move war
smy hold
spa support mid move por
stp move nwy
tri move alb
tun move syr via convoy
ukr move mos
war move mos
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
England: army/dislodged spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
spa move gas
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove bot
build Army bud
build Fleet kie
build Army ven
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move eas
alb support gre
bal support den move swe
bud support rum
bul move rum
con move ank
den move swe
eas move smy
gal move ukr
gas move bur
gre support ser move bul
ion move aeg
kie move hel
gol support spa
mid support bre
nth move lon
nrg move nth
nwy support swe
par hold
pic support par
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sil move war
smy move syr
spa hold
syr support eas move smy
ven move pie
war move mos
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army/dislodged smy
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bul disband
smy disband
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
alb move ser
ank hold
bal support den move swe
bud support rum
bur move mun
den move swe
gal move ukr
gre support bul
hel move nth
lon support hel move nth
gol support spa
mid move eng
mos hold
nth move hol
nwy support swe
par move bre
pic support par move bre
pie move mar
rum support gal move ukr
smy support aeg move con
spa hold
syr support smy
war support mos
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army bre
England: army/dislodged bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bre move gas
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove eas
build Army kie
build Fleet nap
build Army ven
build Army vie
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
bal support den move swe
bre support pic move par
bud move vie
bul move rum
con move bla
den move swe
eng move bel
gas move bur
gre move bul/sc
hol support eng move bel
kie move hol
lon move eng
gol move wes
mar support spa
mos hold
mun move kie
nap move ion
nth move edi
nwy support swe
pic move par
rum move sev
ser move tri
smy move aeg
spa hold
syr move smy
ukr support rum move sev
ven hold
vie move boh
war move sil
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
England: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
arm move ank
bal move den
bla support aeg move bul
boh support vie move gal
bre move pic
bur move mun
den move kie
eng move nth
hol support mun move kie
ion move gre
kie move ruh
mar hold
mos move sev
mun move kie
par support bre move pic
rum hold
sev hold
sil move war
smy move con
swe move den
tri move tyr
ukr hold
vie move gal
wes move mid
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army lvp
remove mos
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ank move smy
bal support ruh move kie
bel move eng
bla move con
boh move mun
bul/sc hold
con move smy
den support ruh move kie
edi hold
gal move bud
gre move alb
hol move nth
kie support mun move ber
lvp move wal
mid support spa move por
mar move pie
mun move ber
nap move ion
nth support pic move bel
par move bur
pic move bel
por move spa/nc
rom move ven
ruh move kie
rum move ser
sev support ukr move rum
spa move por
swe move den
tyr move tri
ukr move rum
ven move tri
war move sil
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
England: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Austria: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bal support sil move ber
bel support nth move hol
ber support hol move kie
bud move tri
bur support bel
den support kie
edi move nrg
eng move bre
hol move kie
kie support sil move ber
mun support tyr
nth move hol
nwy move stp
rum move sev
ser support bud move tri
sev move arm
sil move ber
stp move mos
swe move den
tyr support mun
wal move lon
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
England: army/dislodged ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
England: fleet/dislodged hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Austria: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ber move pru
hol move hel
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army nap
build Army vie
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
alb support nap move gre
arm move smy
bal move swe
bel move pic
ber move sil
bla support con move ank
bul/sc move con
bur move par
con move ank
den support bal move swe
hel move nth
hol move nth
ion convoy nap move gre
kie move ber
lon move yor
mid move iri
mos move stp
mun move tyr
nap move gre via convoy
nrg move nwy
pie move tyr
por move spa
pru move war
rom support ven
ser move rum
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri move ser
tyr move tri
ven hold
vie support tyr move tri
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Italy: army ank
Turkey: army/dislodged ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: army smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
England: fleet/dislodged swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
swe move ska
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Italy: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: army smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb support ven move tri
ank support con move smy
ber move kie
bla support gre move bul
con move smy
den hold
gre move bul
hel move den
hol move hel
iri move mid
mun support vie move tyr
nrg move edi
par move bre
pic support par move bre
pie move tyr
rom move apu
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sil move war
ska support hel move den
smy move con
spa move gas
stp move mos
swe support den
tri move ser
ven move tri
vie move tyr
war support stp move mos
yor move lvp
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Italy: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
England: fleet/dislodged bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Italy: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: army/dislodged smy
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bre move eng
smy move arm
tri move bud
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Austria: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
remove arm
build Army ber
remove hel
build Army rom
build Army ven
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
alb support ven move tri
ank move con
ber move pru
bla move bul/ec
bud support ser
den hold
edi support hol move nth
eng move nth
gas hold
gre support tri move ser
hol move nth
ion support gre
kie move ruh
lvp move edi
mid hold
mun move tyr
pic move bel
pie move tyr
rom move ven
rum support ser
sev support mos
sil move war
ska move nwy
smy move aeg
stp move mos
swe move nwy
tri move ser
tyr move vie
ven move tri
war support stp move mos
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/ec
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
aeg convoy apu move bul
alb support tri
apu move bul via convoy
bel hold
bre hold
bud support ser
bul/ec move bla
con support apu move bul
edi support hol move nth
eng move nth
gas hold
gre support apu move bul
hol move nth
ion convoy apu move bul
lvp move edi
mid hold
mun move tyr
pie move tyr
pru move war
rom move tus
ruh move hol
ser support vie move tri
sev move arm
sil support pru move war
ska move nwy
stp support war move mos
swe move nwy
tri support pie move tyr
ven support tri
vie move tri
war move mos
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Italy: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
mos disband
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Italy: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet kie
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Italy: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
alb support tri
arm move sev
bel hold
bla support bul move rum
bre move par
bud move tri
bul move rum
con move ank
den move swe
edi support hol move nth
eng move lon
gas hold
gre move ser
hol move nth
ion move adr
kie move den
lvp move wal
mid hold
mos move war
mun move tyr
pie move tyr
ruh move bur
rum support ser
ser support bud move tri
sil move war
ska move nwy
stp move fin
swe move bot
tri support gre move ser
tus move pie
ven support tri
vie support mun move tyr
war move lvn
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet alb
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
England: army fin
Italy: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
rum move ukr
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet alb
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
England: army fin
Italy: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bel move pic
bot support lvn move stp
bud support ukr move rum
bur move par
den support nth
edi support nth
fin move stp
lvn move stp
mos support fin move stp
nth support swe move nwy
nwy support fin move stp
par move bre
pie move mar
ser move gre
sev support ukr move rum
sil move war
swe move nwy
tus move pie
tyr move tri
ukr move rum
vie support tyr move tri
wal move yor
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet alb
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
England: army fin
Italy: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Italy: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
nwy move bar
rum move gal
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet alb
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
England: army fin
Italy: army gal
Italy: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove mos
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet alb
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
England: army fin
Italy: army gal
Italy: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
England: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr support alb move tri
alb move tri
ank move bul via convoy
bar move nrg
ber hold
bla convoy ank move bul
bot move stp/sc
bud support tri
den move swe
edi move cly
fin move stp
gal move boh
gas hold
gre support ank move bul
lvn support war move mos
mid support gas
mar support gas
nth move yor
nwy support bot move stp
pie move tyr
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev support rum
smy move con
ven support pie move tyr
vie support tri
war move mos
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet alb
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Germany: fleet cly
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
England: army fin
Italy: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
England: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
alb support ven move tri
ank move bul via convoy
ber move sil
bla convoy ank move bul
boh move vie
bre hold
bud support tri
cly move lvp
con support ank move bul
fin move nwy
gas support mid move bre
gre support ank move bul
lon move yor
lvn move war
mid move bre
mar move bur
mos support lvn move war
nth move edi
nrg move edi
nwy hold
par support pic move bur
pic move bur
rum support ser
ser support tri
sev support rum
stp/sc hold
swe support nwy
tri support vie
tyr support boh move vie
ven move tri
vie support tri
yor move lvp
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet alb
Italy: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Germany: army/dislodged bre
Italy: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
England: army fin
Italy: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
England: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bre move pic
vie move gal
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet alb
Italy: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove fin
build Army kie
build Fleet nap
remove nrg
build Army rom
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet alb
Italy: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
alb support ven move tri
bla move rum
bre hold
bud support gal move vie
bul move ser
bur support kie move mun
cly support nwy move edi
con move bul/ec
gal move vie
gas support mar move bur
gre support bul move ser
kie move mun
mar move bur
mos move war
nap move tys
nth convoy nwy move edi
par support pic move bre
pic move bre
rom move ven
rum support ser
ser support tri
sev support rum
sil move boh
stp/sc move lvn
swe move ska
tri support bud move vie
tyr support vie
ven move tri
vie support ven move tri
war move sil
yor move lvp
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet alb
Italy: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Italy: fleet/dislodged bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/ec
Italy: army bur
Germany: army/dislodged bur
Germany: fleet cly
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bre move mid
bur move bel
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet alb
Italy: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/ec
Italy: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr hold
bel move bur
bla support bul/ec move rum
boh support gal move vie
bud support rum
bul/ec move rum
bur move par
gal support bud
gas move bre
gre move bul
mid support gas move bre
par support bre
rum support bud
ser support vie move bud
sev support rum
sil support mun
tri support vie move bud
tyr move vie
tys move wes
ven move pie
vie move bud
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet alb
Italy: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Italy: army bre
Germany: army/dislodged bre
Italy: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/ec
Italy: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bre move pic
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet alb
Italy: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/ec
Italy: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove gal
build Fleet kie
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
build Army ven
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet alb
Italy: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/ec
Italy: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move ion
bel support mun move ruh
bla support ser move rum
boh support sil move mun
bre support bur move par
bud support ser move rum
bul/ec move con
bur move par
cly move nat
gre move bul
kie move hol
lvn move bal
mid support bre
mun move ruh
nap move tys
nth move eng
nwy move stp
par move gas
pic move par
pie move mar
rom move tus
rum move sev
ser move rum
sev move arm
sil move mun
ska move nth
tri support ven move tyr
ven move tyr
vie hold
war move gal
wes hold
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm support sev
bal move den
bel support pic
bla move ank
boh move vie
bre hold
bud support vie
bul support rum
con move smy
eng move bre
gal support boh move vie
gas move mar
hol move nth
ion move eas
lvp move edi
mid support bre
mar move gas
mun move tyr
nat move mid
nth move eng
par move pic
pic support eng move bre
ruh move bur
rum hold
sev support arm
stp move mos
tri support tyr
tus move pie
tyr hold
vie hold
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
