PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank hold
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move rum
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun move ruh
par move bur
rom move ven
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move adr
ven move pie
vie move boh
war move sil
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
ank hold
bla hold
boh move gal
bot move swe
bul move gre
bur move bel
con move bul
hol support yor move bel
kie move ber
mid move por
nap move tys
nth convoy yor move bel
nrg move nwy
pie move mar
ruh move mun
rum hold
sil move ber
spa move mar
stp move nwy
ven move pie
yor move bel
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Army con
build Fleet lon
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank hold
ber support mun
bla move con
bre support par move pic
bud move tri
bul move gre
bur support spa move mar
con move bul
gal move boh
gre move apu
hol move kie
ion convoy gre move apu
kie move den
lon support nth
mun support ber
nth support nrg move nwy
nrg move nwy
par move pic
pie move mar
por move mid
rum move ser
sil support war move pru
smy hold
spa move mar
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tys move gol
ven move pie
war move pru
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
apu move nap
bel hold
ber support mun
boh support sil move mun
bre move eng
bul support gre
bur move bel
den hold
gre support bul
ion move tun
kie move hol
lon move eng
gol move spa/sc
mid move iri
mar hold
mun support ber
nth support bel
nrg move nwy
pic support bur move bel
pie move mar
smy support ank move con
tri move tyr
ven move rom
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Russia: fleet/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army bud
remove bur
build Army kie
build Fleet lvp
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
bel support mun move bur
ber support kie move mun
boh support sil
bre move eng
bud move gal
bul move rum
con move bla
den hold
gre move bul
hol support bel
iri support bre move eng
kie move mun
lon move eng
lvp move wal
mar hold
mun move bur
nap move rom
nth support lon move eng
pic hold
pie move tus
rom hold
ser move tri
smy move aeg
spa/sc move por
tri move adr
tun move tys
tyr move ven
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven
aeg move ion
arm move sev
ber support mun
bla hold
boh support tri move tyr
bre move eng
bul move gre
bur move mar
den hold
gal move war
hol support bel
iri move lvp
lon support wal move eng
mar move spa
mun support ber
nap move rom
nth support wal move eng
pic move par
rom move apu
rum move ukr
tri move tyr
tus move rom
tys support nap move rom
ven support nap move rom
wal move eng
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
remove apu
build Army con
remove nth
build Fleet smy
build Fleet tri
remove tus
build Army vie
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
bel move pic
ber support mun
bla convoy con move sev
boh support vie move tyr
bre hold
con move sev
den move swe
eng move mid
gre hold
hol support bel
ion move tun
lon move eng
lvp hold
mar move gas
mun support ber
nwy move swe
par support bre
por hold
rom move tus
sev move mos
smy move aeg
spa hold
tri move adr
tyr move pie
tys move gol
ukr support sev move mos
ven support tyr move pie
vie move tyr
war support sil
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Austria: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg hold
ber move mun
bla hold
boh support war move sil
bre hold
den move swe
eng support pic
gas support spa move mar
gre hold
hol move bel
ion move tys
lvp move cly
gol support pie move mar
mid move spa/nc
mos move lvn
mun move bur
nwy move swe
par support bre
pic support gas move par
pie move mar
por support mid move spa/sc
sev move mos
spa move mar
tun move wes
tus hold
tyr move mun
ukr support sev move mos
ven move pie
war move sil
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Austria: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: army/dislodged sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Austria: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
build Army kie
build Army mun
remove pic
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bel hold
ber move sil
bla convoy con move sev
boh move sil
bre hold
bur move mar
cly move edi
con move sev
den move swe
eng move wal
gas support spa
gre hold
ion move tun
kie support mun
lvn support sil move pru
gol support tus move spa
mid move spa/sc
mos move stp
mun support ber move sil
nwy move nth
par support bre
pie move mar
por support mid move spa/sc
sil move pru
spa support bur move mar
tus move spa
tyr move boh
tys convoy tus move spa
ukr move mos
ven move tyr
wes convoy tus move spa
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Russia: army/dislodged pru
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move hol
bla hold
bre hold
bur support mun
edi hold
gas support spa
kie move ber
lvn support mos move stp
mid move por
mos move stp
mun move ber
nth move den
par support bre
por move mid
sev move mos
sil move war
spa support bur move mar
swe move nwy
tus move spa
ukr move gal
wal move lvp
wes convoy tus move spa
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Russia: army/dislodged stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army con
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber support mun
bla convoy con move sev
bre move eng
bur move mar
con move sev
den move nth
edi move nth
gal support mos move war
gas support spa
gre move nap
hol move hel
ion convoy gre move nap
kie move den
lvn move stp
lvp move wal
mid move eng
mos move war
mun support ber
nwy move swe
par move bre
por move mid
spa support bur move mar
stp move fin
tus hold
war move ukr
wes move gol
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Turkey: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ber support mun
bla move rum
bre move eng
den move swe
edi move nth
fin move nwy
gal move rum
gas support mar
hel move nth
ion hold
kie move den
gol support tun move wes
mid move eng
mar support spa
mun support ber
nap move rom
par move bre
por move mid
sev move mos
spa move por
stp support fin move nwy
swe support kie move den
tus hold
ukr move rum
wal support mid move eng
war move mos
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
England: fleet/dislodged den
England: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Turkey: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: army por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Turkey: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
den move ska
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
build Army con
remove mid
build Fleet smy
remove wal
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
ber move sil
bla convoy con move sev
boh support tyr move mun
bre move mid
con move sev
den support swe
edi move yor
eng support ska move nth
gal move rum
gas move bur
hel move nth
ion move tys
gol convoy tus move spa
mar support por move spa
mun move ruh
nwy support stp move fin
par move bre
pie move mar
por move spa
pru move ber
rom move tus
sev move mos
ska move nth
smy move aeg
stp move fin
swe move fin
tun move naf
tus move spa
tyr move mun
tys move wes
ukr move sev
ven move tyr
war support sev move mos
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ber support mun move kie
bla convoy con move sev
boh move sil
bre hold
bur support mar
con move sev
den support swe
eng move lon
fin move swe
hel move hol
gol convoy rom move spa
mid move iri
mar support por move spa
mos support war
mun move kie
naf move mid
nth move edi
nwy support fin move swe
pie move mar
por move spa
rom move spa
ruh move kie
rum move bul
sil support ukr move war
tyr move mun
tys convoy rom move spa
ukr move war
war support mos
wes support rom move spa
yor move edi
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove bur
build Army con
remove mar
build Fleet tri
remove ukr
build Army vie
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
ber support boh move sil
boh move sil
bre move par
bud move tri
bul move gre
con move bul
den support ruh move kie
fin move swe
hol support ruh move kie
ion hold
iri move lvp
kie move ruh
lon hold
gol convoy tus move spa
mid move nat
mos move stp
mun support kie move ruh
nth move bel
nwy support fin move swe
pie move mar
por move spa
ruh move kie
sev move ukr
sil move ber
spa move gas
swe move nwy
tri move adr
tus move spa
tys hold
vie move boh
war move sil
wes move mid
yor move edi
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Germany: army/dislodged sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
sil move gal
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
ber support sil move mun
bla move rum
boh move vie
bul move rum
den support kie
edi hold
gal move bud
gas move bre
gre hold
hol support kie
ion move tys
kie hold
lon move nth
lvp hold
gol convoy tus move spa
mid support gas move bre
mar support tus move spa
mun move ruh
nwy support swe
par move bre
por move spa
sil move mun
stp move lvn
swe support nwy
tri move bud
tus move spa
tys move wes
ukr support war
war support ukr
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army bre
Turkey: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army con
remove gal
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army bre
Turkey: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
bel move hol
ber move kie
bla convoy con move sev
bre move par
bud move gal
bul hold
con move sev
den support kie
edi hold
gre hold
hol support kie
kie support hol
lvn move stp
lvp hold
gol move wes
mid move iri
mar move bur
mun support ber move kie
nat support mid move iri
nth support bel move hol
nwy support swe
par hold
por move spa
ruh move hol
smy move aeg
spa move por
swe move den
tri move alb
tys hold
ukr move mos
vie move tri
war move pru
wes move mid
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army bre
Turkey: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: fleet/dislodged hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
hol move hel
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army bre
Turkey: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb move lvp
bla support sev move rum
bre support bur move par
bul support gre move ser
bur move bel
den move kie
edi hold
gal move war
gre move ser
hel support den
hol hold
ion convoy alb move lvp
iri convoy alb move lvp
kie move hol
lvp hold
mid move por
mos move war
mun support kie
nat support alb move lvp
nth support hol
nwy hold
par move bre
por move spa
pru move ber
ruh support kie move hol
sev move rum
spa support mid move por
stp move lvn
swe move den
tri move alb
tys move nap
wes move tun
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army bre
Turkey: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
