PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar move bur
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move gas
rom move ven
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move tyr
vie move tyr
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move bla
bot move swe
bul move rum
con move bul
den move swe
edi move nwy
gas move spa
ion move tun
kie move hol
mid move por
nth convoy edi move nwy
nrg support edi move nwy
rom move ven
ruh move bel
ser support alb move gre
sev move rum
stp move fin
ukr support sev move rum
ven move tyr
vie move tri
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army ber
build Army bud
build Army edi
build Army kie
build Fleet mar
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet sev
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
bel move ruh
ber move pru
bla support bul move rum
bot support fin move swe
bud support ser
bul move rum
con move bul
den support nwy move swe
fin move swe
gre support rum move bul/ec
hol move kie
kie move mun
mar move gol
mun move sil
nap move ion
nth move nrg
nrg move bar
nwy move swe
por move mid
rum move bla
ser support bud
sev move arm
spa move mar
tri support vie move tyr
tun support nap move ion
tyr support ven move tri
ukr move gal
ven move tri
vie move tyr
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
bar convoy edi move stp
bla hold
bot support fin move stp
bud support gal move rum
bul support rum
bur move mar
den support nwy move swe
edi move stp
fin move stp
gal move rum
gre support ser move bul
ion move adr
kie move ber
gol move tys
mid move wes
mar move pie
mun move boh
nrg convoy edi move stp
nwy move swe
par move bur
pru move war
ruh move mun
rum hold
ser move bul
sev support gal move rum
sil support pru move war
tri support vie move tyr
tun move tys
tyr support ven move tri
ven move tri
vie move tyr
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Turkey: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bul move con
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army kie
build Army lvp
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
arm move sev
bar support edi move nwy
ber move sil
bla support arm move sev
boh support mun move tyr
bot move bal
bud move rum
bul support bud move rum
bur move mar
con hold
den move bal
edi move nwy
gre move aeg
kie move mun
lvp move edi
gol move wes
mar move pie
mun move tyr
nrg convoy edi move nwy
pie move tus
rum support sev
sev support rum
sil move gal
stp move fin
swe support edi move nwy
tri support vie move tyr
tyr move ven
ven move apu
vie move tyr
war support sil move gal
wes move tys
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Germany: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
rum move ukr
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Germany: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move smy
apu move rom
bar convoy edi move stp
bla support con
boh support gal move vie
bot support fin move stp
bul support rum
con hold
den move bal
edi move stp
fin move stp
gal move vie
ion move tys
kie move mun
mar move pie
mun move tyr
nrg convoy edi move stp
nwy support swe
pie move ven
rum support bul
sev hold
sil move gal
swe support nwy
tri support vie
tun move naf
tus support pie move ven
tys move rom
ukr support sev move mos
ven support apu move rom
vie support tri
war support sil move gal
wes move tys
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bot
build Army bud
build Fleet mar
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu move nap
bal convoy swe move lvn
bar support nwy move stp
bla move sev
boh support gal move vie
bud move gal
bul support smy move con
con hold
edi move nwy
gal move vie
ion move tun
mar move gol
mun support tyr
naf move mid
nrg convoy edi move nwy
nwy move stp
pie move tus
rum support bud move gal
sev move mos
sil move gal
smy move con
stp move lvn
swe move lvn
tri support vie
tus move rom
tyr support gal move vie
tys support tus move rom
ukr support sev move mos
ven move tri
vie support bud move gal
war support sil move gal
wes move mid
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army/dislodged con
Austria: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: army/dislodged stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
con move ank
stp move fin
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move smy
bal convoy swe move lvn
bar support stp
boh support vie
bud move vie
bul support rum
con hold
fin move stp
gol move wes
mos hold
mun move sil
naf move mid
nrg move nwy
nwy move swe
rom move nap
rum support bul
sev hold
sil move gal
stp support swe move lvn
swe move lvn
tri support bud move vie
tun move naf
tus move rom
tyr support ven move tri
tys support rom move nap
ukr support sev move rum
ven move tri
vie support sil move gal
war support sil move gal
wes move mid
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Germany: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
France: army nap
Italy: army/dislodged nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
France: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
nap disband
tri move ser
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Germany: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army bre
build Army edi
remove fin
build Fleet mar
build Army mun
build Army par
remove tun
remove ukr
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move con
bal convoy swe move lvn
boh move gal
bre move gas
bud support rum move gal
bul move rum
con move bla
gal move bud
lvn move mos
gol move tys
mar move gol
mos hold
mun move boh
naf move mid
nap move rom
nwy move nrg
par move bur
rom move ven
rum move gal
ser move tri
sev hold
sil support boh move gal
smy support ank move con
stp support lvn move mos
swe move lvn
tri support gal move bud
tyr support tri
tys move ion
vie support gal move bud
war support boh move gal
wes move mid
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Turkey: army/dislodged mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
France: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
mos move ukr
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
France: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move den
bla support bul move con
boh support sil move gal
bud support gal move rum
bul move con
edi move nwy
gal move rum
gas move mar
ion move gre
lvn move mos
mos move ukr
naf move mid
nrg convoy edi move nwy
rom move tun
rum support ser
ser support rum
sev support ukr move rum
sil move gal
smy move ank
stp support lvn move mos
tri move alb
tyr support ven move tri
tys convoy rom move tun
ukr move rum
ven move tri
vie support bud
war support mos move ukr
wes support rom move tun
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Turkey: army/dislodged con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
France: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
con move smy
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bre
build Army edi
remove mid
build Army mun
build Army par
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb support tri move ser
ank support smy move con
bla convoy con move sev
boh support sil move gal
bud support gal move rum
con move sev
edi move nwy
gal move rum
gre move aeg
mos move sev
mun move sil
nrg convoy edi move nwy
nwy move stp
rum support con move sev
ser move bul
sev hold
sil move gal
smy move con
stp move lvn
tri move ser
tys move ion
ukr support gal move rum
vie support bud
war support sil move gal
wes move tys
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
France: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Austria: supply rum
France: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg convoy mar move smy
alb move gre
ank move smy
bla support bul move rum
boh move mun
bre move gas
bud support rum
bul move rum
con hold
den move nth
gal support rum
ion convoy mar move smy
lvn move mos
gol convoy mar move smy
mar move smy
mos move sev
par move pic
rum support aeg move bul/sc
sev hold
sil support war
tyr support boh move mun
tys convoy mar move smy
ukr support mos move sev
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
France: army gre
France: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Austria: supply rum
France: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
Turkey: fleet/dislodged sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
sev move arm
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
France: army gre
France: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
remove bul
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
France: army gre
France: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support rum move bul
ank hold
bar move nrg
bla move bul/ec
bre move mid
bud support gal move rum
con move smy
gal move rum
gas move spa
gre support rum move bul
ion move eas
kie move hol
lon move eng
mar move pie
nth move bel
nrg move nat
nwy move swe
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sev move arm
stp move nwy
tys move ion
ukr move sev
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gre
France: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
ank move con
arm move ank
bud support rum
bul support aeg move con
eas move smy
eng support nat move iri
hol support bel
ion move aeg
mun move ruh
nat move iri
nrg move nat
rum support bul
sev move arm
sil move ber
smy hold
tyr move mun
ukr move sev
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Germany: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet con
France: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gre
France: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove ank
build Fleet bre
build Army kie
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Germany: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet con
France: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gre
France: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg convoy gre move smy
ber move sil
bud support rum
bul support rum
con support gre move smy
eas move ion
eng support iri
gre move smy
hol support bel
iri support eng
kie move den
gol move spa/sc
nat support iri
nwy move stp
pie move ven
rum support bul
sev move arm
spa move por
swe move nwy
ukr support sev
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Germany: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet con
France: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Germany: army sil
France: army smy
Turkey: army/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Germany: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet con
France: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Germany: army sil
France: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
bud support rum
con support smy move ank
eng support iri
hol support bel
ion move tys
iri support eng
mos move stp
nat support iri
por move spa
ruh support bel
rum support bul
sev move arm
sil support war
smy move ank
spa/sc move por
ukr move mos
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: army ank
France: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Germany: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet con
France: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Germany: army sil
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove arm
build Army mar
build Army par
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: army ank
France: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Germany: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet con
France: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Germany: army sil
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bud support rum
eng support bel
iri support eng
nat support iri
ruh support bel
rum support bul
sev move arm
sil support war
ukr move sev
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: army ank
France: supply ank
England: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Germany: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet con
France: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Germany: army sil
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
