PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move sev
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move apu
sev move arm
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move ven
ven move tri
vie hold
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
apu move gre via convoy
arm move ank
bla support bul move rum
bot move swe
bul move rum
con move ank
den move nth
ion convoy apu move gre
kie move hol
mid move por
nth convoy yor move bel
nrg move nwy
pic support yor move bel
ruh move bel
ser support bul move rum
sev move rum
spa hold
tri hold
ukr support bla move rum
vie move gal
yor move bel via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet ber
build Army bud
build Fleet edi
build Fleet kie
build Army lon
build Fleet mar
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
arm move bla
bel support lon move hol
ber move kie
bla support ank move arm
con move bul
den move ska
edi move nrg
gre support con move bul
hol support ruh move bel
ion move tun
kie move den
lon move hol via convoy
mar move spa/sc
nap move tys
nth convoy lon move hol
nwy move ska
par move bur
pic support par move bur
por move mid
ruh move bel
rum move sev
sev move rum
spa move mar
swe hold
ukr move mos
ven hold
war move lvn
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bel support lon move hol
ber move bal
bla support arm move sev
bud move gal
bul support gre move ser
bur move mun
den move nth
gal move war
gre move ser
hol support ruh move bel
kie move hel
lon move hol via convoy
lvn move war
mar move spa/sc
mos support sev
nth convoy lon move hol
nrg move nwy
nwy move ska
pic move bur
ruh move bel
rum support arm move sev
ser move bud
sev hold
spa move gas
swe hold
tri move adr
tun move wes
tys move tun
ven move tri
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ser disband
sev move ukr
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove adr
build Army ank
remove bal
build Army con
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army rom
build Army ven
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move arm
bla support sev
bud hold
bul move rum
bur move mun
con move bul
den support hel move nth
gal hold
gas move mar
hel move nth
hol move bel
lvn move war
mid support spa/sc
mos move sev
mun move ber
nap move tys
par move bur
rom move ven
ruh move mun
rum move bud
ser support rum move bud
sev support bul move rum
spa/sc hold
swe move bal
tri support ven move tyr
tun move naf
ukr support mos move sev
ven move tyr
wes support tun move naf
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bud move vie
nth move edi
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm support sev
bal move swe
ber support bur move mun
bla support bul move rum
bud move vie
bul move rum
bur move mun
den move swe
hol move kie
mid move wes
mar move gas
mos support ukr move sev
naf support wes
nth move nwy
par move bur
ruh move mun
rum move bud
ser support rum move bud
spa/sc support mid move wes
tri support bud move vie
tyr support ruh move mun
tys move gol
ukr move sev
ven move pie
war support ukr
wes support tys move gol
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
vie move boh
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove boh
build Army con
remove gal
build Fleet mar
remove nth
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move con
arm move sev
bal support ber move kie
ber move kie
bla support arm move sev
bud move gal
bur move ruh
con move bul
den move swe
gas support mar
kie move ber
gol move mar
mid support spa/sc
mar support spa/sc move gol
mos move sev
naf move mid
par move pic
pie support gol move mar
ruh move mun
rum support sev move ukr
ser move tri
sev move ukr
spa/sc move gol
tri move ven
tyr support pie
ukr support mos move sev
vie support bud move gal
war move sil
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: army kie
Germany: army/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet/dislodged gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Russia: army/dislodged ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
kie move hol
gol move wes
ukr move war
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support kie
bla convoy con move rum
bul support con move rum
con move rum via convoy
gal move war
gas move mar
hol move kie via convoy
kie move den
gol support mar move spa
mid move por
mar move spa/sc
mos support war
mun move ber
naf support wes move mid
pic move bel
pie move mar
ruh support pic move bel
rum move ukr
sev support ukr move mos
sil move mun
spa/sc move por
swe move nwy
tyr support mun
ukr move mos
ven move tus
vie move boh
war support mos
wes move mid
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
England: army/dislodged bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: fleet/dislodged mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Italy: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mid move bre
mos move stp
spa/sc move wes
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bal
build Army con
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move hol
ber move mun
boh move sil
bre move mid
bul move rum
con move bul
den move kie
gal move boh
gas move mar
kie support swe move den
gol move tys
mid move wes
mos move lvn
mun move sil
naf move tun
pie move mar
ruh support den move kie
rum move gal
sev move mos
spa/sc support bre move mid
stp move mos
swe move den
tri move ven
tyr support ber move mun
ukr support sev move mos
war support stp move mos
wes move tys
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
France: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: army kie
Germany: army/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: fleet/dislodged mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Russia: army/dislodged mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
kie move ber
mid move por
mun move bur
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
France: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber support den move kie
bla convoy con move sev
boh support tyr move mun
bul move rum
bur move mun
con move sev via convoy
den move kie
gal move war
gas move spa
hol support kie
kie support bur move mun
lvn support sev move mos
gol move mar
mid support spa/sc move por
mun support den move kie
pie support bur move mar
por move spa/sc
ruh support kie
rum move gal
sev move mos
spa/sc move por
stp support war move mos
tun move tys
tus support pie
tyr move mun
ukr support gal move war
ven move tyr
war move mos
wes support por move spa
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
France: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun move sil
war move sil
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet nap
build Fleet rom
remove stp
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bla convoy con move rum
boh support gal move sil
bur move pic
con move rum via convoy
den move nth
gal move sil
gas support spa/sc
hol support kie
kie hold
lvn move stp
mid move iri
mar move gol
mun move bur
nap move tys
pie move mar
por move spa/sc
rom move tus
ruh move bur
rum move gal
sev move mos
tus move ven
tyr move mun
tys move tun
ukr move war
war move pru
wes move naf
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Russia: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
bla convoy con move sev
boh support gal move sil
con move sev via convoy
gal move sil
gas support gol move mar
hol move kie
iri move lvp
kie move den
gol move mar
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun move bur
naf move mid
pic move par
por support naf move mid
pru support sil move ber
ruh move bur
rum move gal
sil move ber
spa/sc move por
stp move fin
tun move wes
tus move gol
tyr move mun
tys support tun move wes
ven move pie
war move lvn
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Russia: army par
Russia: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet bre
build Army con
build Army rom
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Russia: army par
Russia: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move rum via convoy
ber move kie
bla convoy ank move rum
bre move eng
con move bul
den move swe
fin move swe
gal move war
gas move par
kie hold
lvn move stp
lvp move wal
gol move mar
mid support wes move spa
mar support spa/sc move gol
mun support ber move kie
nth move bel
par hold
pie support gol move mar
por support wes move spa
pru move ber
rom move tus
ruh move bur
sev move mos
spa/sc move gol
stp move fin
tyr support mun
tys move wes
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: army kie
France: army/dislodged kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Russia: army par
Russia: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
kie move ruh
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Russia: army par
Russia: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move hol
ber move kie
boh support war move sil
bul move rum
fin support stp move nwy
kie move ruh
lvn move pru
mid move spa/nc
mar support mid move spa
mos move stp
mun move bur
par move bre
pie support mar
por support mid move spa
rum move gal
sil move ber
spa/sc move mid
stp move nwy
tyr move mun
war move sil
wes support spa/sc move mid
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
Russia: army bre
Russia: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Russia: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army con
build Fleet nap
build Army ven
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
Russia: army bre
Russia: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Russia: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move rum via convoy
ber move kie
bla convoy ank move rum
boh hold
bre move pic
con move bul
fin move swe
gal hold
hol move bel
kie move ruh
mid move iri
mar move gol
mun move bur
nap move tys
pie move mar
por move mid
pru move ber
rum move bud
sil hold
spa/sc support pie move mar
stp move fin
tus move pie
tyr move mun
ven move tri
war hold
wes support mar move gol
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
Russia: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet/dislodged gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Russia: supply par
Russia: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
Russia: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Russia: supply par
Russia: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move eng
ber move kie
bud move vie
bul move rum
fin move swe
iri convoy pie move lvp
kie move hol
gol convoy pie move lvp
mid convoy pie move lvp
mar support mun move bur
mun move bur
pic move bel
pie move lvp via convoy
ruh support pic move bel
rum move ukr
spa/sc support mar
swe move den
tri move ven
tyr move pie
war move pru
wes convoy pie move lvp
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army bel
France: supply bel
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
Russia: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: army den
France: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Turkey: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Italy: army lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Russia: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
