PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move wal
mar support par move bur
mos move stp
mun move tyr
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move tus
sev move rum
smy support ank move con
stp/sc move fin
tri move alb
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
bul support con
bur move mun
con support bul
den hold
fin move swe
gal move bud
ion move tun
kie move hol
mid move por
mar move spa
nth move bel
nrg move nwy
rum hold
ser support alb move gre
smy move ank
stp move fin
tri hold
tus support ven
tyr move mun
wal move yor
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Fleet edi
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army sev
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move arm
bre support par move pic
bud move ser
bul support bud move ser
con move aeg
den move nth
edi move nrg
gre move aeg
hol hold
kie move hel
lon move nth
mun move tyr
nap move tys
nwy support lon move nth
par move pic
por move mid
rum move bla
ser support vie move bud
sev move ukr
smy support con move aeg
spa move mar
stp/nc support fin move nwy
swe support fin move nwy
tri support vie move bud
tun move wes
tus support ven
tyr move pie
vie move bud
war move gal
yor move edi
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ser move alb
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move ser
arm move smy
bel hold
bla support ukr move rum
bre move eng
bud support alb move ser
bur support pic move bel
den support hel move nth
edi move yor
fin move nwy
gal support ser move bud
gre hold
hel move nth
hol hold
mid move spa/sc
nth move lon
nrg move nth
nwy move ska
pic move bel
pie move ven
ser move bud
smy move aeg
stp/nc support fin move nwy
swe support fin move nwy
tri move vie
tus support ven
tyr support pie move ven
tys move gol
ukr move rum
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
bud move tri
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
remove ska
build Army war
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg convoy smy move gre
bla support bul
bre move gas
bud support gal move vie
bul support smy move gre
bur support mar
den hold
eng support bel
gal move vie
gre move bul/sc
hol hold
ion support smy move gre
lon hold
gol move mar
mid move spa/sc
mar support mid move spa
nth move edi
nrg move edi
nwy move fin
pie move ven
rum move ser
ser support gre move bul
smy move gre via convoy
stp/nc move bar
swe move nwy
tri support vie move bud
tus support ven
tyr move ven
vie move bud
war move sil
wes move spa/sc
yor support lon
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Russia: army/dislodged bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
France: fleet gas
Turkey: army gre
Austria: fleet/dislodged gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
bud move gal
gre move alb
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
France: fleet gas
Turkey: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
alb hold
bar move nrg
bla support rum
bud move rum
bul move ser
bur support mar
den hold
eng support bel
fin move swe
gal move bud
gas support mid move spa
gre support bul move ser
ion support gre
lon hold
gol move pie
mid move spa/sc
nth move edi
nrg move edi
nwy support bar move nrg
pie move tus
rum support gal move bud
ser support bud move rum
sil move boh
tri move bud
tus support gol move pie
tyr move ven
ven hold
vie support gal move bud
wes move tys
yor support nrg move edi
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: fleet gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove alb
build Army ank
build Army ber
build Army con
build Fleet stp/nc
remove tri
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: fleet gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move arm
bel support bur move ruh
ber move mun
bla hold
boh move sil
bud move vie
bul/sc move con
bur move ruh
con move bul
den move nth
edi hold
eng support bel
gas move mid
gre move alb
hol hold
ion move adr
lon hold
mar hold
nrg move nth
nwy move ska
rum move gal
ser support gre move alb
spa/sc move wes
stp/nc move nwy
swe move den
tri move alb
tyr move pie
vie move boh
yor support lon
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr support alb move tri
alb move tri
arm move smy
bel support ruh move hol
bla move sev
boh move mun
bul/sc move aeg
con move bul
den hold
edi move nrg
eng move nth
gal move bud
hol hold
lon move eng
mid move iri
mun hold
nth move lon
nrg support nwy move nth
nwy move nth
pie move gol
ruh move hol
ser support alb move tri
sil support boh move mun
ska support swe move den
swe move den
tri move bud
tus move rom
tyr move pie
tys move tun
vie move tyr
wes move tun
yor hold
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: army/dislodged hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
den move kie
hol disband
mun move ber
tri move vie
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
remove nth
build Army par
remove pie
build Army war
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg move con
ank move bla
bel move ruh
den support hol move kie
edi hold
eng move nth
gal move vie
hol move kie
iri move mid
lon hold
gol move mar
mun support sil move ber
nrg support ska move nth
nwy support ska move nth
par move bur
rom support ven
ser support adr move tri
sev move rum
sil move ber
ska move nth
smy move arm
tri move alb
tyr support gal move vie
tys move wes
vie move bud
war move gal
wes move spa/sc
yor move lvp
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: army/dislodged ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
Germany: fleet/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb support tri
arm move sev
ber move sil
bla support bul move rum
bud hold
bul move rum
bur move mar
con move bul/ec
den move kie
edi support lon move nth
eng move lon
gal move bud
lon move nth
lvp move yor
gol move wes
mid support spa/sc
mar move pie
mun support den move kie
nth support eng move lon
nrg move nat
nwy move nrg
rom move tus
ruh support kie
rum move bla
ser support bul move rum
tri hold
tyr support ven move tri
vie support gal move bud
wes move naf
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
nth disband
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet bre
build Army con
remove edi
build Army mos
build Army par
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb support tri
ank move arm
bla convoy con move rum
bre move eng
bud move tri
bul/ec support con move rum
con move rum via convoy
den move kie
kie move ber
mid move wes
mar support pie
mos move sev
mun support den move kie
naf move wes
nat move cly
nth move lon
nrg move nth
par move bur
ruh move hol
rum move gal
ser support tri
sev move ukr
sil move war
spa/sc support mid move wes
tri hold
tus support ven
tyr support pie move ven
vie support bud move tri
wes move gol
yor support nth move lon
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
France: fleet/dislodged lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
lon move wal
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb support tri
arm support bla move sev
ber support hol move kie
bla move sev
bud hold
bul/ec move rum
cly move lvp
eng support wal move lon
gal support rum move bud
hol move kie
kie hold
lon hold
gol move mar
mar support pie
mun move boh
naf move tun
nth move edi
rum move bud
ser support tri
sev move rum
spa/sc move gol
tri hold
tus move pie
tyr support pie
ukr support gal
ven support tus move pie
vie support bud
wal move lon
war move gal
wes move tys
yor support lon
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
Russia: army/dislodged kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
kie move mun
sev move mos
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army stp
remove yor
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb support tri
arm move sev
ber support bur move mun
boh move gal
bud support boh move gal
bul/ec support rum
bur move mun
edi move yor
eng support wal move lon
gal move bud
kie move den
lon hold
lvp move wal
mar support pie
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
pie move tyr
rum support gal move bud
ser support gal move bud
sev move bla
spa/sc move gol
stp move lvn
tri hold
tyr move mun
tys move nap
ukr support arm move sev
vie support bud
wal move lon
war support mos move ukr
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: fleet/dislodged lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
lon disband
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
alb move tri
ber support mun
bla support rum
bud support alb move tri
bul/ec move con
eng move bel
gal support vie move bud
lvn move mos
gol support tus move pie
mar support pie
pie move tyr
ruh move hol
rum support bud
ser support alb move tri
sev hold
spa/sc move gol
tri move adr
tun move ion
tus move pie
tyr move tri
ukr move rum
ven support tus move pie
vie move bud
wal move iri
war move sil
yor move nth
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet bre
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/sc
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
ank move con
bel support lon move nth
ber support mun
bla support sev
bre move mid
bud hold
con move aeg
den move swe
gal support bud
hol support nth move bel
ion move tys
iri move eng
lon move nth
mos support ukr
mun support ber
nth move bel
par move bur
pie move ven
rum support tri move bud
ser support tri move bud
sev support rum
sil move ber
smy support con move aeg
stp/sc move bot
tri move bud
tyr move mun
ven move rom
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bel
France: fleet/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Russia: army/dislodged bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
France: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move pic
bud move vie
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
France: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bel support hol
ber support mun
bla support sev
bot move bal
bud support ser move tri
bur move bel
con move bul
eng move lon
gal move bud
hol support bel
mid move bre
mar move pie
mos hold
mun support ber
nth move nwy
pic support bur move bel
rom move nap
rum support bud
ser move tri
sev support rum
sil move ber
smy move aeg
spa/sc move wes
tri move adr
tyr move ven
tys support rom move nap
ukr move rum
vie support gal move bud
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Turkey: army/dislodged bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
France: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
France: fleet/dislodged nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
France: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bud move ser
nap move ion
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bel
Russia: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
France: army swe
France: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet mar
build Fleet rom
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bel
Russia: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
France: army swe
France: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri
aeg move eas
bal support sil move ber
bel support lon move nth
bla move sev
bre move eng
bud support ukr move rum
bul move rum
bur move bel
gre move aeg
hol support bel
ion move tun
lon move nth
mar move gol
mos move sev
mun support ber
nap move tus via convoy
pic support bur move bel
pie move tyr
rom move nap
rum move gal
ser support tri
sev move ukr
sil move ber
tri support ser
tyr move mun
tys convoy nap move tus
ukr move rum
vie support bud
wes support ion move tun
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
France: army/dislodged ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
France: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
France: army swe
France: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move kie
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
France: army swe
France: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri
aeg move bul/sc
bla support ukr move sev
bul move rum
bur move bel
eas move ion
eng move lon
gal move bud
gol move tys
mos move war
mun support kie
nwy move nth
pic support bur move bel
pie move tyr
rum move sev
ser support gal move bud
tri support gal move bud
tun support gol move tys
tus move pie
tys move rom
ukr move sev
ven support tus move pie
wes support gol move tys
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
Russia: fleet/dislodged bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: army/dislodged pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
France: army swe
France: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move eng
pie disband
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
France: army swe
France: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Fleet mar
build Army par
remove pie
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
France: army swe
France: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg move ion
bal move kie
bel move hol
ber support bal move kie
bla move sev
bre move eng
bud support tri move vie
bul support sev move rum
eng move bel
hol support eng move bel
ion move tun
kie support bel move hol
lon support nwy move nth
mar move gol
mun support kie
nap move tys
nth support eng move bel
nwy move nth
par move bur
pic support bre move eng
rom support nap move tys
rum move bud
ser support adr move tri
sev move rum
swe move fin
tri move vie
tun support tys move ion
tyr move mun
tys move ion
ven move pie
vie support rum move bud
war move mos
wes move mid
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army/dislodged bel
Russia: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ion
France: army/dislodged kie
Russia: fleet kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet/dislodged nth
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
France: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move ruh
ion move gre
kie move den
nth move den
rum move gal
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
France: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ser move tri
aeg hold
bel move hol
ber support tyr move mun
bud support tri move vie
bul move rum
bur move bel
eng support bur move bel
fin move stp
gal support vie move bud
gre move ion
hol move kie
ion move nap
kie move den
lon move nth
gol move mar
mid move wes
mos move stp
mun move kie
nth move edi
pic support bur move bel
pie move mar
rom move nap
ruh support mun move kie
rum move gal
ser move tri
sev support bul move rum
tri move vie
tun move tys
tyr move mun
tys move tun
vie move bud
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
France: supply den
France: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
France: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Russia: army/dislodged vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
vie move boh
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
France: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
build Army smy
build Army war
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
France: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support aeg move ion
aeg move ion
bel move hol
ber support hol move kie
boh move gal
bud support rum move gal
bul move rum
con move bul
den move swe
edi move nrg
eng move iri
fin move swe
gal move ukr
gre support aeg move ion
hol move kie
ion move nap
kie move den
gol move mar
mos move sev
mun move ruh
nth support bel move hol
pic move eng
ruh move bur
rum move gal
sev support bul move rum
smy move arm
tri move tyr
tun support wes move tys
vie move boh
war move lvn
wes move tys
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
France: army/dislodged kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
France: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: fleet/dislodged tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
kie disband
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
France: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support gre move ion
arm support rum move sev
ber move mun
boh move sil
bud move gal
bul move rum
bur move bel
den move swe
eng support bur move bel
fin move swe
gal move boh
gre support ion
ion move apu
iri move lvp
kie support ruh move hol
lvn move stp
mos move war
nap support tys move rom
nth support hol
nrg move bar
ruh move hol
rum move sev
sev move bla
tun move ion
tyr move ven
tys move rom
ukr move mos
vie support gal move boh
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
France: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
Russia: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
Italy: fleet/dislodged rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
France: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
Turkey: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
France: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
France: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bre
build Army par
remove pie
remove sil
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
France: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
France: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support apu move ion
apu move ion
bar move nwy
bel support hol
bla move con
boh support vie move tyr
bre move gas
den move bal
eng move nth
fin move swe
gal support rum move ukr
gre support apu move ion
ion support nap move apu
kie move ber
lvp move iri
mar move gol
mos move ukr
mun move tyr
nap move apu
nth move ska
par move bur
ruh move mun
rum move ukr
sev support rum move ukr
smy move eas
stp move mos
ven move rom
vie move tyr
war support mos move ukr
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet/dislodged ion
France: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
France: army swe
France: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ion move tun
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
France: army swe
France: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu move nap
bel move ruh
ber support mun move sil
bur support bel move ruh
gas move mar
hol move kie
iri move mid
gol move tys
mos support war
mun move sil
nth support ska move den
rom support apu move nap
ruh support bur move mun
ska move den
stp move lvn
tun support gol move tys
war support mos
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army/dislodged ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
France: army swe
France: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ruh move mun
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
France: army swe
France: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bre
remove lvn
remove mun
build Army par
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
France: army swe
France: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ion
arm move sev
boh support gal
bre move gas
bur move mun
con move aeg
den support kie
eas support ion
gal support ukr move war
gre support ion
ion hold
mid move wes
mar move pie
nap support tys move ion
nth move hel
nwy move stp/nc
par move pic
ruh support bur move mun
sev move ukr
tun support tys move ion
tyr support ven move pie
tys move ion
ukr move war
ven move pie
PHASE 1913 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
France: army swe
France: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
France: army swe
France: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support aeg move ion
aeg move ion
bal support ber
boh support tyr move mun
den move bal
eas support aeg move ion
gal move sil
gas support pic move bur
gre support aeg move ion
hel support kie
ion move apu
kie support mun
mos move war
pic move bur
pie move tus
rom support nap
ruh support mun
sev support ukr move mos
sil support ber
tun support tys move ion
tyr move mun
tys move ion
ukr move mos
war support gal move sil
wes support tun
PHASE 1913 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
France: army swe
France: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
mos move lvn
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
France: army swe
France: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
