PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move rum
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move bur
mos move ukr
mun move bur
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move ven
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move fin
tri move adr
ven move pie
vie move tri
war hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move tri
bla move sev
bud move rum
bul support bud move rum
con support bul
fin move swe
hol move bel
ion move gre
kie move den
mid move por
mar move spa
mun move bur
nth convoy yor move nwy
nrg move bar
pic move bel
pie support ven
sev support ukr move rum
tri move ser
ukr move rum
ven support pie
war hold
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet edi
build Fleet kie
build Army mar
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bar move stp/nc
bla move sev
bud move gal
bul move gre
bur move par
con move ank
den support nwy move swe
edi move nrg
gre move aeg
hol move bel
kie move hol
mar support par move bur
mun hold
nap move ion
nth support pic move bel
nwy move swe
par move bur
pic move bel
pie move tus
por move mid
rum support bud move gal
ser support bul move gre
sev hold
smy move aeg
spa move gas
stp/nc move nwy
swe support stp/nc move nwy
tri move adr
ukr move mos
vie move tri
war hold
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Germany: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Italy: fleet/dislodged gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bur move ruh
gre move alb
swe move fin
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
alb support ven move tri
ank move con
bel support nth move hol
bla support rum move sev
bur move ruh
den hold
fin move stp/sc
gal move ukr
gas move par
gre hold
hol move bel
ion move adr
kie support den
mar move bur
mos support fin move stp
mun move bur
nth move hol
nrg support stp/nc move nwy
nwy move swe
ruh support hol move bel
rum move sev
ser move bud
sev hold
smy move aeg
stp/nc move nwy
swe support stp/nc move nwy
tri hold
tus move ven
ven move tri
war hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: fleet/dislodged hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
Russia: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: fleet/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
hol move hel
nwy move ska
sev move arm
tri move ser
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove arm
build Army bre
remove den
build Fleet edi
build Army lon
remove ska
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move alb
aeg support gre
alb support ven move tri
bel support bur move ruh
bla move con
bre move pic
bud move vie
bur move ruh
con move bul
edi move nth
gre hold
hel move den
hol hold
ion move tun
kie move hol
lon move yor
mid hold
mar move pie
mos hold
mun move bur
nrg support edi move nth
nwy move stp/nc
par move bur
ruh support kie move hol
ser move tri
sev move mos
smy move eas
stp/sc hold
swe move den
tri move bud
ukr move war
ven move tri
war support mos
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg move ion
alb move adr
bel support hol
bud move vie
bul support ukr move rum
con move aeg
eas support aeg move ion
gre move alb
hel move den
hol support ruh move kie
kie support hel move den
mid hold
mos support war move ukr
mun move ruh
nth move den
nrg move nth
nwy move stp/nc
par move bur
pic support par move bur
pie move tyr
ruh move kie
ser support adr move tri
sev support ukr move rum
stp/sc hold
swe support nth move den
ukr move rum
ven move tri
vie support adr move tri
war move ukr
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
Germany: fleet/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
kie disband
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Fleet nap
build Army par
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
aeg support ion
alb support tri
bel move ruh
bud support ven move tri
bul support rum
bur move mun
den move hel
eas support ion
edi move nwy via convoy
hol support den move hel
ion hold
kie support bel move ruh
mid hold
mos move sev
nap support tun move ion
nth convoy edi move nwy
nwy move bar
par move bur
pic move bel
rum support sev
ser move bud
sev support rum
stp/sc hold
swe support edi move nwy
tri move ven
tun move ion
tyr support bur move mun
ukr support mos move sev
ven move tri
vie support ser move bud
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Italy: army/dislodged bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bud move gal
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move alb
aeg support ion
alb support vie move tri
bar support nwy move stp
bel hold
bud support vie
bul support rum
bur move mun
eas support ion
gal support tyr move vie
hel move den
hol move nth
ion move adr
kie move ber
mid hold
mos move sev
mun move boh
nap support tun move ion
nth move nrg
nwy move stp
ruh move kie
rum move ukr
sev move mos
stp/sc hold
swe move fin
tri support adr move alb
tun move ion
tyr move vie
ukr support mos move sev
vie support bud
yor hold
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army/dislodged alb
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Italy: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet/dislodged stp/sc
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
stp/sc move bot
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Italy: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove bot
build Army edi
build Fleet mar
build Army par
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Italy: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg support eas move ion
alb support ion
bar convoy edi move stp
bel hold
ber move sil
boh move vie
bud support vie move gal
bul support rum
den move bal
eas move ion
edi move stp via convoy
fin support edi move stp
gal move bud
gre move alb
ion support alb
kie hold
mid move por
mar move spa/sc
mos hold
mun move boh
nap move apu
nth convoy yor move den
nrg convoy edi move stp
par move bur
rum support sev
sev support rum
stp move lvn
tri support gal move bud
tyr support boh move vie
ukr move war
vie move gal
yor move den via convoy
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Turkey: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bud move ser
ion move tun
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Turkey: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support ion
alb move ion
apu move ven
bal convoy den move lvn
bar hold
boh support vie
bud move ser
bul support ser
bur move ruh
den move lvn via convoy
fin hold
gal support ser move bud
gre move alb
ion move apu
lvn move mos
mos move sev
nth hold
nrg hold
rum support ser move bud
ser move bud
sev hold
sil move war
stp support lvn move mos
tri support apu move ven
tun move tys
tyr support vie
ven hold
vie support bud
war move mos
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: fleet ven
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mos move ukr
ven move adr
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Fleet mar
build Fleet nap
remove ukr
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support alb move tri
aeg move ion
alb move tri
apu move ven
bal hold
bel hold
boh support sil move gal
bud support gal
bul move gre
edi move den via convoy
fin move stp
gal support bud
ion move eas
kie hold
lvn support stp move mos
mar move gol
mos move ukr
nap support tys move ion
nth convoy edi move den
por move mid
ruh move mun
rum move ser
sev hold
sil move gal
spa/sc move wes
stp move mos
tri support ven
tyr support vie
tys move ion
ven support tri
vie support boh
war move mos
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
England: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg move smy
apu support adr move ven
bal convoy den move pru
bar hold
bel move hol
boh support vie
bud support tri
den move pru via convoy
eas support ion move aeg
gal move rum
gre hold
ion move aeg
kie move den
lvn support ukr move war
gol move wes
mid move iri
mos move ukr
mun move sil
nap move apu
nth hold
nrg hold
ser support tri
sev hold
sil move ber
stp move mos
tri support adr move ven
tyr move tri
ukr move war
vie support tyr move tri
war move pru
wes move mid
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
England: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
war disband
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
England: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Fleet con
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
England: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri
aeg move bul/sc
apu move ven
bal convoy lvn move kie
bar move nrg
ber support sil move pru
boh support vie
bre move eng
bud move vie
con support smy
den support lvn move kie
eas move smy
gre hold
hol hold
iri move lvp
kie move den
lvn move kie via convoy
mid move iri
nap move apu
nth move eng
nrg move nat
rum support ukr move gal
ser support tri
sev move ukr
sil move pru
smy support con
tri hold
tyr support ven
ukr move gal
ven move tri
vie hold
war support ukr move gal
wes move mid
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
England: army kie
France: army/dislodged kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
kie move mun
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
England: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
apu move ion
bal support kie
ber support mun move kie
boh support vie
bre move eng
bud move vie
con move bul/sc
den support kie
eas move aeg
gal move sil
gre support con move bul
hol move bel
iri support bre move eng
lvp hold
mid support bre move eng
mos move ukr
mun move kie
nat move mid
nap move apu
nth move bel
nrg move cly
pru move sil
rum support gal
ser support tri
smy support con
tri support bud move vie
tyr support ven move tri
ukr support war
ven move tri
vie hold
war support gal move sil
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet nap
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
aeg move ion
apu move nap
bal support sil move ber
ber support pru move sil
boh support pru move sil
bud support ukr move gal
bul/sc move aeg
cly move lvp
den hold
eng move lon
gre move alb
hol move kie
ion move tys
iri support lvp
kie support sil move ber
lvp support iri
mid move nat
mos move lvn
mun support ber
nat support cly move lvp
nap move rom
nth move lon
pru move sil
rum move sev
ser support bud
sil move ber
smy move eas
tri support bud move vie
tyr support vie
ukr move gal
vie support ven move tri
war move lvn
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg support adr move ion
alb support tri
bal support kie
ber support mun move kie
boh support vie
bud move vie
cly move lvp
den support kie
eas support adr move ion
eng move lon
gal support bud move vie
hol support mun move kie
ion move tun
iri support lvp
kie hold
lvp support mid move nat
mid move nat
mos hold
mun move kie
nat support cly move lvp
nth move lon
rom move tys
ser support tri
sev hold
sil support ber
tri support bud move vie
tyr support bud move tri
tys move gol
vie support bud move tri
war move sil
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army lon
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas
alb move tri
bal support den move kie
ber move kie
boh move mun
bud support vie
cly move lvp
den move bel via convoy
eas support aeg
eng move nth
gal move boh
hol support ber move kie
ion move tys
iri support lvp
kie move den
lon hold
lvp hold
gol move mar
mid move spa/sc
mos hold
mun move ruh
nat support cly move lvp
nap move ion
nth convoy den move bel
ser move rum
sil move gal
tri move tyr
tun move wes
tyr move pie
tys move gol
vie support tri move tyr
war move sil
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
bal support den move kie
bel support nth move hol
boh support tyr move mun
bud move gal
cly move lvp
den move kie
eas move ion
eng move bel
gal move boh
hol move kie
ion move gre
iri support lvp move wal
kie move ber
lon hold
lvp support iri
gol move wes
mar hold
mos move war
mun support kie move ber
nat support cly move lvp
nth move hol
pie move mar
ruh support mun
rum move ukr
sev support rum move ukr
sil move war
spa/sc support pie move mar
tri move tyr
tyr move mun
tys move gol
vie support bud move gal
wes move tun
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army/dislodged gal
Italy: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
France: fleet/dislodged lvp
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
gal move rum
lvp move wal
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
France: army rum
France: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
England: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
remove mar
build Fleet nap
remove vie
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
France: army rum
France: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
England: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
bal support sil move ber
bel move pic
ber support ruh move kie
boh move mun
edi move nth
eng support wal move lon
gal move bud
gre support tun move ion
hol support ruh move kie
ion move gre
iri move mid
kie support sil move ber
lon move wal
lvp support lon move wal
gol move tus
mun support ruh move kie
nat move iri
nap move apu
nth move hel
ruh move kie
rum move bul
sev support ukr move rum
sil move ber
spa/sc move mar
tri move ven
tun move ion
tyr support tri move ven
ukr move rum
ven move tri
wal move lon
wes move tys
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
France: army/dislodged ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ion
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
England: army/dislodged kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
France: army/dislodged rum
France: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Italy: fleet/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
England: supply war
ORDERS
ber move pru
ion move adr
kie move den
rum move ser
ven move adr
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
France: supply rum
France: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
England: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
apu move adr
bal support ber
ber support den move kie
boh support tyr move mun
bud support rum move ser
den move kie
eng move lon
gre move bul/sc
hel support den move kie
hol move bel
ion move eas
iri move eng
kie support mun
lon support lvp move wal
lvp move wal
mid move iri
mar move gol
mos move war
mun support kie
nth move bel
pic move par
pru move lvn
rum move ser
ser move tri
sev move rum
tus move rom
tyr move mun
tys move rom
ven support tus move rom
wal move lvp
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
France: army/dislodged kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
France: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
kie move ruh
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
remove bul/sc
build Fleet con
build Army edi
remove gol
build Fleet smy
build Army vie
remove wal
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
adr support eas move ion
ank move con
ber support kie
boh move tyr
bud support ser move tri
con move aeg
eas move ion
edi move nwy via convoy
eng move nth
gre move alb
hel move hol
hol move bel
iri move mid
kie support hel move hol
lon support lvp move wal
lvn move stp
lvp move wal
mid move nat
mun support boh move tyr
nth convoy edi move nwy
par move gas
rom hold
ruh support hol move bel
rum move sev
ser move tri
smy support con move aeg
tri hold
tys move nap
ven support ser move tri
vie support ser move tri
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
France: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg move gre
alb move adr
bal hold
bel move pic
ber support kie
bud move rum
con move bul/sc
eng move iri
gas move mar
hol hold
ion move gre
kie move ruh
lon move yor
mid move por
mun hold
nat move nrg
nap move rom
nth support hol
nwy move fin
rom move nap
ruh move bur
sev move mos
smy move eas
stp move fin
tri hold
tyr move boh
ven hold
vie move gal
wal move lvp
war move mos
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: army mar
England: supply mar
England: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
France: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: army stp
France: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove adr
build Army edi
remove iri
build Fleet lon
remove nrg
build Fleet smy
build Army vie
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: army mar
England: supply mar
England: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
France: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: army stp
France: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
alb support eas move ion
bal move bot
ber move kie
boh move sil
bul/sc move gre
bur move mar
eas move ion
edi move nwy via convoy
gal support boh move sil
hol move bel
ion move tys
lon move eng
lvp move iri
mar support ruh move bur
mun hold
nth convoy edi move nwy
nwy move fin
pic move bur
por move spa/nc
rom move nap
ruh move bur
rum move ukr
sev move mos
smy move eas
stp support sev move mos
tri move vie
ven move pie
vie move boh
war move mos
yor move lon
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Austria: army mos
England: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
France: army pic
Turkey: army pie
England: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
France: army stp
France: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
bur move par
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Austria: army mos
England: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
England: supply par
France: army pic
Turkey: army pie
England: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
France: army stp
France: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support alb move ion
alb move ion
bel move pic
boh support mun
bot move bal
bur support bel move pic
eas support alb move ion
eng convoy lon move bel
fin support nwy move stp
gal support ukr move war
gre support alb move ion
ion move tun
iri move mid
kie move ber
lon move bel via convoy
mos support stp
mun hold
nap move rom
nth move hel
nwy move stp
par support pic move bre
pic move bre
pie hold
rom move nap
sil move ber
spa/nc hold
stp hold
tys support nap move rom
ukr move war
vie move tyr
war move mos
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Austria: army mos
England: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
England: supply par
England: fleet pic
Turkey: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Turkey: fleet/dislodged rom
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
England: army stp
France: army/dislodged stp
France: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
England: army/dislodged war
England: supply war
ORDERS
rom move tus
stp move lvn
war move pru
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Turkey: army pie
England: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
remove bre
build Army lon
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Turkey: army pie
England: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal support pru move ber
bel move ruh
boh support mun
bur support bel move ruh
eas support aeg move ion
eng convoy lon move bre
fin support stp
gal move war
gre support aeg move ion
hel support kie
ion move apu
kie support pru move ber
lon move bre via convoy
lvn support war move pru
mid move wes
mar hold
mos hold
mun move kie
par move gas
pic support lon move bre
pie support tus
pru move ber
rom support tys move nap
sil move ber
spa/nc hold
stp hold
tri move adr
tun move tys
tus support tun move tys
tyr support mun
tys move nap
vie move gal
war move pru
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Turkey: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move apu
apu move nap
bal support ber
boh support mun
bre support bur move par
bur move par
eas support gre move ion
eng move mid
fin support stp
gal move war
gas move par
gre move ion
hel support kie
ion move tun
kie support ber
mar hold
mos move stp
mun support pru move ber
nap move tys
pic move bel
pie support tus
pru move ber
rom support nap move tys
ruh move mun
sil support pru move ber
spa/nc hold
stp hold
tus move rom
tyr support mun
tys support apu move nap
war move pru
wes move tun
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove gas
build Fleet lon
remove lvn
build Fleet lvp
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu move nap
bal support ber
bel move pic
boh support mun
bre move gas
eas support gre move ion
fin support stp
gal move war
gre move ion
hel support kie
ion move tun
kie support ber
lon move eng
lvp move iri
mid move naf
mar move pie
mos support war move lvn
mun hold
nap move rom
par move bur
pie hold
pru move ber
ruh support par move bur
sil support pru move ber
smy move aeg
spa/nc move mid
tus support nap move rom
tyr support mun
tys support ion
war move lvn
wes move tun
PHASE 1914 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
England: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: fleet pic
Turkey: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support ion
bal support ber
ber support kie move mun
boh support mun
bur support ruh move mun
eas support ion
eng hold
fin support stp
gas hold
gre support ion
hel support kie
ion support tys move tun
iri move mid
kie move mun
lvn support mos move stp
mid move spa/sc
mos move stp
mun hold
naf move tun
nap move tys
pic move bre
pie hold
pru move ber
rom support nap move tys
ruh support kie move mun
sil support pru move ber
tus move gol
tyr support mun
tys move tun
war move pru
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1914 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
England: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army vie
PHASE 1915 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
England: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support gre move ion
bal support ber
boh support tyr move mun
bur move mun
eas support gre move ion
eng move mid
fin support stp
gas support mar
gre move ion
hel support kie
ion move tun
kie support ber
lvn support mos move stp
gol support tys move wes
mid move wes
mar hold
mos move stp
mun move ber
naf support mid move wes
nap move tys
pie hold
pru support mun move ber
rom support nap move tys
ruh support bur move mun
sil support mun move ber
spa/sc support wes move gol
stp hold
tyr move mun
tys move wes
vie move boh
wes move gol
PHASE 1915 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet/dislodged gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
gol move tus
PHASE 1915 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal support ber
boh support mun
bre support mid
bur move mun
eas support aeg move ion
fin support stp
gas support mar
hel support kie
ion move tun
kie support ber
lvn support mos move stp
gol support wes
mid support wes
mar hold
mos move stp
mun hold
naf support wes
nap move tys
pie move mar
pru move ber
rom support tus
ruh support bur move mun
sil support pru move ber
spa/sc support gol
stp hold
tun move wes
tus support tys move gol
tyr support mun
tys move gol
vie support boh
war support lvn
PHASE 1916 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support ion
bal support ber
boh support mun
bre support mid
bur support ruh move mun
fin support stp
gas support mar
hel support kie
ion support tun
kie support ber
lvn support mos
gol support wes
mid move wes
mos support lvn
mun hold
naf support wes move tun
nap support tys
pie move mar
pru support sil
rom support tys
ruh move mun
sil support pru
spa/sc support gol
tun move naf
tus move gol
tyr support mun
tys support tus move gol
war support lvn
wes move tun
PHASE 1916 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support ion
bal support ber
boh support mun
bre move mid
bur move mun
eas move ion
fin support stp
gas support mar
hel support kie
ion move tun
kie support ber
lvn support mos move stp
gol support wes move tys
mos move stp
mun hold
naf support tun
nap move tys
pie move ven
pru move ber
rom move tus
ruh support bur move mun
sil support pru move ber
spa/sc support gol
tun support wes move tys
tus move pie
tyr support mun
tys support ion move tun
wes move tys
PHASE 1916 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Turkey: fleet pie
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: fleet/dislodged tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
tys move rom
PHASE 1916 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Turkey: fleet pie
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet lon
PHASE 1917 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Turkey: fleet pie
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support ion
bal support stp move lvn
ber move mun
boh move mun
bur support ber move mun
eas support ion
fin support stp
gas support mar
hel support kie
ion support rom move tys
kie support ber move mun
lon move eng
lvn support mos move stp
gol move pie
mid move wes
mar support gol move pie
mos move stp
mun move ber
naf support mid move wes
nap support rom move tys
pie move gol
pru support mun move ber
rom move tys
ruh support ber move mun
sil support mun move ber
spa/sc move gol
stp move lvn
tun support tys move ion
tus support rom move tys
tyr support boh move mun
tys move ion
ven support pie
vie move boh
war move sil
PHASE 1917 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
Austria: army/dislodged lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
England: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: fleet pie
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Austria: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
lvn move mos
PHASE 1917 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
England: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: fleet pie
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Austria: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bal support kie move ber
boh move sil
bur support mun
eas support ion
eng move mid
fin support lvn move stp
gas move mar
hel move nth
ion support tys
kie move ber
lvn move stp
gol support tun move tys
mar move pie
mos support war move lvn
mun hold
naf move tun
nap support tys
pie move tus
pru support sil move ber
ruh support mun
sil move ber
stp move nwy
tun move tys
tus support tys
tyr move mun
tys support tus
ven support tus
vie move boh
war move lvn
wes support tun move tys
PHASE 1917 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
England: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: fleet pie
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet edi
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1918 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: army fin
England: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: fleet pie
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support kie move ber
boh support tyr move mun
bud move gal
bur support mun
eas support ion
edi move nrg
fin support stp
gas move mar
gre move alb
ion support tys
kie move ber
lvn move stp
gol move tys
mid move nat
mar move pie
mos support lvn move stp
mun support kie move ber
naf support tun
nap support tys
nth move nwy
nwy move swe
pie move tus
pru support sil move ber
ruh support mun
sil move ber
smy move aeg
stp hold
tun support gol move tys
tus support tys
tyr move mun
tys support tus
ven support tus
vie move tyr
wes support gol move tys
PHASE 1918 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
Austria: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: fleet pie
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Austria: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb move adr
bal support kie move ber
boh support tyr move mun
bur support mun
eas support ion
fin support stp
gal move sil
gas move mar
ion support tys
kie move ber
lvn move stp
gol support wes move tys
mar move pie
mos support lvn move stp
naf support tun
nat move nrg
nap support tys
nrg move nth
nwy move swe
pie move tus
pru support sil move ber
ruh support mun
sil move ber
stp hold
swe move den
tun support wes move tys
tus support tys
tyr move mun
tys support tus
ven support tus
vie move tyr
wes move tys
PHASE 1918 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Austria: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: fleet pie
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove gas
build Army tri
PHASE 1919 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Austria: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: fleet pie
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move apu
bal support kie move ber
boh move mun
bur support mun
den move kie
eas support ion
fin support stp
gal move war
gre move alb
ion support tys
kie move ber
lvn support mos move stp
gol support wes move tys
mar move pie
mos move stp
mun hold
naf support tun
nap support tys
nth support swe move den
nrg move nwy
pie move tus
pru move ber
ruh support mun
sil support boh move mun
stp hold
swe move den
tri move vie
tun support wes move tys
tus support tys
tyr support boh move mun
tys support tus
ven support tus
vie move boh
wes move tys
PHASE 1919 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Austria: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
Austria: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: fleet pie
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move adr
apu support ion
bal support ber
ber support mun
boh move mun
bur support mun
den support ruh move kie
eas support ion
fin support stp
ion support tys
kie move ruh
lvn move stp
gol support wes move tys
mar move pie
mos support lvn move stp
mun hold
naf support tun
nap support tys
nth move hol
nwy support stp
pie move tus
pru move ber
ruh move kie
sil support boh move mun
stp hold
tun support wes move tys
tus support tys
tyr support boh move mun
tys support tus
ven support tus
vie move boh
war move pru
wes move tys
PHASE 1919 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Austria: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
England: army/dislodged mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
Austria: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: fleet pie
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun move ruh
PHASE 1919 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: fleet pie
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army lon
PHASE 1920 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: fleet pie
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ion
apu move nap
bal move pru
ber support bal move pru
boh support mun
bur support ruh move mun
den move bal
eas move ion
fin support stp
hol support kie
ion move tun
kie support ber
lvn support mos move stp
gol support wes move tys
mar move pie
mos move stp
mun hold
naf support tun
nap move rom
nwy move swe
pie move tus
pru hold
ruh move mun
sil support mun
stp hold
tri move vie
tun support wes move tys
tus support tys
tyr support mun
tys hold
ven support tus
war support pru
wes move tys
PHASE 1920 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: fleet pie
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr support eas move ion
bal move ber
ber move mun
boh support mun
bur support ber move mun
den move bal
eas move ion
fin support stp
hol move nth
ion move nap
kie support ber move mun
lvn move stp
gol support pie move tus
mar move pie
mos support lvn move stp
mun hold
naf support tun
nap move rom
pie move tus
pru hold
ruh support ber move mun
sil support mun
stp hold
swe move bot
tun support tys move ion
tus move pie
tyr support tus move pie
tys move ion
ven support tus move pie
war support pru
PHASE 1920 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Turkey: fleet pie
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
