PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar support par move bur
mos move lvn
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move apu
sev move bla
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move pie
vie move bud
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
apu move tun
bla support ukr move rum
bot convoy lvn move swe
bud move ser
bur move mun
edi move nwy via convoy
hol hold
ion convoy apu move tun
kie move den
lvn move swe via convoy
mid move por
mar move pie
nth move bel
nrg convoy edi move nwy
pie move mar
ruh move mun
ser move bul
ukr move rum
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army bud
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
build Army lvp
build Army par
build Army sev
build Army stp
build Army tri
build Fleet ven
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
bel move pic
ber move sil
bla support sev move arm
bot move bal
bud support tri
bul hold
bur move ruh
con move bul
den move swe
gre move aeg
hol hold
ion move tys
kie move bal
lon move eng
lvp move wal
mar move pie
nrg support nwy
nwy support den move swe
par move gas
pie move mar
por move spa/sc
ruh move mun
rum hold
ser support bul
sev move arm
smy move arm
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri support vie move tyr
tun move naf
ven move adr
vie move tyr
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg support bul move con
ank move bla
bla support bul move con
bot move bal
bud move vie
bul move con
con move bul
den move swe
eng convoy wal move bre
gas move spa
hol move bel
kie hold
mar move pie
naf move tun
nrg move bar
nwy hold
pic support wal move bre
pie move mar
ruh move bel
rum hold
ser support tri
sev move arm
sil support mun
smy hold
spa/sc move wes
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
tys move gol
wal move bre via convoy
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army lon
remove tun
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg move ion
ank support smy move con
arm move ank
bal support swe
bar move stp/nc
bla support arm move ank
bre move par
con support arm move ank
den move swe
eng move mid
hol move bel
kie move bal
lon hold
gol move tys
mar support spa move gas
mun move ber
nwy support bar move stp
pic move eng
pie move tus
ruh move bur
rum hold
ser move bul
sil move war
smy move con
spa move gas
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri move ven
ven move rom
vie move tyr
wes move gol
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army/dislodged stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
stp move fin
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
ank move smy
bal move den
bel hold
ber move sil
bla move ank
bud move gal
bul move ser
bur move par
con support ank move smy
den hold
eng convoy lon move bre
fin move nwy
gas support bur move par
ion move tun
kie support den
lon move bre via convoy
gol move wes
mid move por
mar move spa
nwy hold
par hold
rom move nap
rum move ukr
smy move ank
stp/nc support nwy
swe support fin move nwy
tri move ven
tus support tys move rom
tyr support tri move ven
tys move rom
war move mos
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
England: army/dislodged par
France: supply par
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army smy
Turkey: army/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
par move pic
smy move syr
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army bud
build Fleet lon
build Army mun
remove rom
remove syr
build Army vie
remove wes
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
bal convoy swe move lvn
bel move hol
ber move pru
bre support pic move par
bud support vie move tri
con hold
den move swe
eng move mid
fin move stp
gal support ukr move war
gas move bre
kie move ber
lon move nth
mos support sil move war
mun move boh
nap move rom
nwy support den move swe
par support gas move bre
pic move par
por support eng move mid
ser move bul
sil move war
smy move ank
spa move por
stp/nc support nwy
swe move lvn via convoy
tun move tys
tyr move pie
ukr move war
ven support nap move rom
vie move tri
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: fleet/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move sev via convoy
bal move den
ber move bal
bla convoy ank move sev
boh support sil move gal
bre support pic move par
bud move rum
bul support bud move rum
con move smy
fin move swe
gal move vie
gas hold
hol move kie
lvn support ukr move war
mid move spa/sc
mos support pru move war
nth move den
nwy support stp/nc
par hold
pic move par
pie move tyr
por support mid move spa
pru move war
rom hold
sil move gal
spa hold
stp/nc hold
swe move den
tri move vie
tus move ven
tys move gol
ukr move war
ven move tri
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Germany: army gal
Austria: army/dislodged gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
France: army/dislodged par
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: army/dislodged spa
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gal move bud
par move bur
spa move mar
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bal
remove fin
remove gas
build Army lon
remove lvn
build Army lvp
remove mar
build Army mun
remove tus
build Army vie
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move bal
bla support sev
boh move tyr
bre move gas
bud move gal
bul support smy move con
bur support tyr move mun
gal move bud
kie move hol
lvp move wal
gol move wes
mos support pru move war
mun support boh move tyr
nth move eng
par move bur
por move mid
pru move war
rom move ven
rum support bud move gal
sev support ukr move mos
smy move con
spa/sc move wes
swe move den
tri move tyr
tyr move mun
ukr move mos
ven move pie
vie move boh
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: army/dislodged gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Germany: army/dislodged mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Austria: army/dislodged tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gal move ukr
mos move lvn
tyr move vie
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bal convoy den move ber
bla move con
boh move mun
bul move ser
con move ank
den move ber via convoy
eng convoy lon move naf
gal move war
gas move mar
hol move bel
lon move naf via convoy
lvn move mos
gol support pie move mar
mid convoy lon move naf
mos support sev
mun support tyr move boh
nwy move stp
par move bur
pie move mar
rum move ukr
sev support mos
spa/sc move gol
stp/nc move nwy
tri move tyr
tyr move boh
ukr move sev
ven support tri move tyr
vie move gal
war support lvn move mos
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Austria: army/dislodged boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: army naf
Austria: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
boh move sil
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: army naf
Austria: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: army naf
Austria: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
bal move pru
ber support war move sil
boh support mun
bud support gal
bur move mar
con move aeg
eng convoy wal move pic
gal move war
gas support par move bur
lvn move war
gol support pie move mar
mid move wes
mos support sev
mun support boh
naf move tun
nwy move stp
par move bur
pie move mar
rum support sev move ukr
ser move tri
sev support mos
sil move boh
spa/sc support mid move wes
stp/nc move bar
tri move adr
tyr move mun
ukr support lvn move war
ven move pie
vie support sil move boh
wal move pic via convoy
war move sil
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bar
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: army tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bur move ruh
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bar
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: army tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support adr move ion
bel move hol
ber move kie
bur move mar
gas support bur move mar
mos move lvn
mun support sil move boh
pic move bur
ruh move hol
sev move mos
sil move boh
spa/sc support bur move mar
tun hold
ukr move gal
war support ukr move gal
wes move gol
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bar
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Austria: army/dislodged gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: army tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bar
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: army tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army lon
build Fleet lvp
remove ruh
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bar
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: army tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ber move sil
boh move vie
bur support mar
eng move mid
gal support boh move vie
gas move spa
kie move mun
lon move wal
lvn move stp
lvp move iri
mar hold
mos support lvn move stp
mun move boh
pru move lvn
spa/sc move wes
tun hold
war support pru move lvn
wes move tys
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bar
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
England: army/dislodged stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: army tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
stp move fin
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bar
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Germany: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: army tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bar support fin move stp
boh move tyr
bur support mar
fin move stp
gal move bud
ion move tun
iri move eng
lvn support fin move stp
mid move wes
mar hold
mos support stp
mun support boh move tyr
sil move war
spa hold
stp support mos
tun hold
tys move rom
vie support gal move bud
war move ukr
wes move tys
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bar
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
England: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: army/dislodged stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: army tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Austria: army/dislodged tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
stp move nwy
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bar
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: army tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army kie
build Army sev
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bar
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: army tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bar move nwy
ber move mun
bud support ukr move rum
bur support mar
eng convoy wal move pic
ion move tys
kie move den
lvn move bot
mar hold
mos support sev move ukr
mun move tyr
nwy hold
rom move nap
sev move ukr
spa support mar
stp support bar move nwy
tun move tus via convoy
tyr move tri
tys convoy tun move tus
ukr move rum
vie support tyr move tri
wal move pic via convoy
wes move tun
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: army/dislodged nwy
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
England: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: army tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
nwy move swe
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
England: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: army tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bot move swe
bud move rum
den support bot move swe
eng move nth
ion move gre
mar move pie
mos support ukr move war
mun move sil
nap support tun move ion
nwy hold
rum move bul
spa move mar
stp hold
swe hold
tri move ser
tun move ion
tus support mar move pie
tyr move tri
tys support tun move ion
ukr move war
vie move bud
war move mos
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
England: army pie
Austria: army/dislodged pie
England: supply por
England: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: army/dislodged swe
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: army tus
England: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Germany: army/dislodged war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
swe move fin
war move gal
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Germany: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Germany: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
England: army pie
England: supply por
England: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: army tus
England: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army kie
build Army lon
build Fleet lvp
build Army mun
build Army sev
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Germany: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Germany: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
England: army pie
England: supply por
England: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: army tus
England: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move pru
bud move ser
bul move con
fin move stp
gal move ukr
gre move aeg
ion move eas
kie move hol
lvp move iri
mar move pie
mos support fin move stp
mun hold
nap move apu
pie move tus
rum support gal move ukr
ser move bul
sev hold
sil move gal
tri hold
tus move ven
tys move ion
war hold
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet apu
Austria: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Germany: supply bul
England: army bur
Germany: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Russia: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
England: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
England: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
England: army/dislodged stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: army tus
Germany: army ukr
England: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
stp move lvn
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet apu
Austria: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Germany: supply bul
England: army bur
Germany: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Russia: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
England: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
England: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: army tus
Germany: army ukr
England: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
bel hold
bul move con
con move ank
den move swe
eas move smy
gal support ukr move war
hol support bel
ion move gre
iri move eng
lvn move stp
mos support stp
mun move sil
nwy support lvn move stp
pru support ukr move war
rum hold
ser move gre
sev support mos
stp support mos
swe move bal
tri hold
ukr move war
war hold
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Germany: army ank
Germany: supply ank
England: fleet apu
Austria: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Germany: supply bul
England: army bur
Germany: army con
Germany: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Russia: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
England: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
England: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: army tus
England: army ven
England: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army kie
build Army mun
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Germany: army ank
Germany: supply ank
England: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Germany: supply bul
England: army bur
Germany: army con
Germany: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Russia: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
England: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
England: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: army tus
England: army ven
England: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
ank move smy
apu move adr
bal move den
bel hold
ber move kie
bur move mar
con support ank move smy
eas move aeg
eng convoy lon move pic
gal move rum
hol support bel
ion support eas move aeg
kie move ruh
lon move pic via convoy
lvn move stp
mos support stp
mun support kie move ruh
nwy support lvn move stp
pic move bur
pie move mar
pru move war
rum move bul
ser move gre
sev support mos
sil move gal
stp support mos
swe hold
tri hold
war move ukr
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
England: fleet aeg
Germany: supply ank
England: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Germany: supply bul
England: army bur
Germany: army con
Germany: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Germany: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
England: army pie
England: supply por
England: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army smy
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: army tus
Germany: army ukr
England: army ven
England: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
apu support ion move adr
bel hold
bul support gre
bur support lon move bel
con support smy
den support swe
eng convoy lon move bel
gal move ukr
hol support bel
ion support apu move adr
kie support hol
lon move bel via convoy
lvn move pru
mos support stp move lvn
mun move bur
nth move hol
nwy support nth
pic support lon move bel
pie move tyr
ruh support bel
rum support ukr move sev
sev support mos
stp move lvn
swe support den
tri hold
tus move pie
ukr move sev
ven support pie move tyr
war move mos
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
England: fleet aeg
Germany: supply ank
England: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Germany: supply bul
England: army bur
Germany: army con
Germany: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
England: army pie
England: supply por
England: army pru
England: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army smy
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
England: army ven
England: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
sev move arm
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
England: fleet aeg
Germany: supply ank
England: fleet apu
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Germany: supply bul
England: army bur
Germany: army con
Germany: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gre
Germany: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
England: army pie
England: supply por
England: army pru
England: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army smy
Germany: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
England: army ven
England: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
