PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar support par move bur
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move apu
sev move bla
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
tri hold
ven hold
vie move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move bla
apu move ven
arm move sev
bot move swe
bud support bul move rum
bul move rum
bur move mun
gal move rum
hol support ruh move bel
ion move gre
kie move den
mid move por
mar move spa
nth move den
nrg move nwy
ruh move bel
ser move gre
sev support gal move rum
tri move ven
ukr support gal move rum
ven move tyr
yor hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Army con
build Fleet lon
build Army mar
build Army mos
build Army par
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
apu move alb via convoy
arm move rum via convoy
bel move pic
ber move mun
bla convoy arm move rum
bre support par move pic
bud move tri
bul move gre
con move bul
gal move rum
hol move nth
ion convoy apu move alb
kie support ber move mun
lon move nth
mar move bur
mos support sev
mun support mar move bur
nth move ska
nwy move stp/nc
par move pic
por move mid
ser support vie move tri
sev support gal move rum
spa move mar
swe move den
tri move adr
tyr move ven
ukr support gal move rum
vie support bud move tri
yor move lon
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
mun move ruh
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ven
alb move ser
arm move sev
bel move bur
bla move rum
bre move mid
bul support bla move rum
bur support ruh move bel
den move swe
gre support alb move ser
hol support bel
ion move tun
kie move ruh
lon move nth
mid move wes
mar move pie
mos support sev
mun support kie move ruh
pic support ruh move bel
ruh move bel
rum move bud
ser support tri move alb
sev support ukr move rum
ska move den
stp/nc hold
tri move alb
ukr move rum
ven move tri
vie move tri
yor hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove adr
remove alb
build Fleet ank
build Fleet con
build Fleet edi
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
remove vie
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move tri
ank move bla
arm move sev
bel support bur move ruh
bud support ukr move rum
bul support rum
bur move ruh
con support ank move bla
den support nth move hel
edi move nrg
gre move alb
hol move bel
kie move den
lon move nth
mid move wes
mos move stp
mun support ruh move bur
nap move tys
nth move hel
pic support bel
pie move tyr
rom move ven
ruh move bur
rum support arm move sev
ser support rum
sev support ukr move rum
stp/nc hold
swe move nwy
tun support nap move tys
ukr move rum
ven move tyr
vie move gal
wes move gol
yor hold
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
bur move par
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb support ven move tri
arm support rum move sev
bel support par move bur
bla support rum move sev
bud move rum
bul move rum
bur move gas
con move aeg
den move swe
gal move vie
hel support yor move hol
hol move kie
kie move ruh
gol support wes
mos support nwy move stp
mun support hol move kie
nth convoy yor move hol
nrg support stp/nc move nwy
nwy move stp/nc
par move bur
pic support bel
pie move mar
rom move ven
rum move sev
ser move bud
stp/nc move nwy
tri support pie move ven
tun move wes
tys support tun move wes
ukr support sev
ven move tri
wes hold
yor move hol via convoy
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
tri move tyr
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
remove kie
build Army lon
build Fleet rom
remove tyr
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move tri
arm support sev
bel support bur
bla support bul move rum
bul move rum
bur hold
con move bul
gas move par
hel move kie
hol support hel move kie
lon move den via convoy
gol support wes
mar move spa
mun support ruh move kie
nth convoy lon move den
nrg move nwy
pic move bre
rom move tus
ruh move kie
ser support tri move bud
sev support bul move rum
stp/nc support nrg move nwy
swe move bal
tri move bud
tun move naf
tys support rom move tus
ven move pie
vie move tyr
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Russia: army/dislodged bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
Russia: fleet/dislodged nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm support sev
bal move ber
bel move ruh
bla move con
bre support bur move par
bud support tri move vie
bul move rum
bur move par
den move kie
hel support den move kie
hol support den move kie
ion move tys
gol support spa move mar
mun move ber
naf support tys move tun
nth support hol
nwy hold
par move bur
pie move ven
ruh support par move bur
rum move gal
ser move tri
sev hold
spa move mar
stp/nc hold
tri move vie
tus move gol
tyr move vie
tys move tun
ukr move war
wes move mid
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
Germany: army/dislodged par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
par move gas
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army edi
build Army lon
build Fleet rom
remove ruh
remove tyr
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bal support kie move ber
bel support par move bur
bre move par
bud move tri
con move aeg
edi hold
gal support rum move ukr
gas support mar move spa
hel support hol move kie
hol move kie
kie move ber
lon move hol via convoy
gol move spa/sc
mid move spa/sc
mar support par move bur
mun move kie
naf support tun move wes
nth convoy lon move hol
nwy hold
par move bur
rom move tus
rum move ukr
sev move bla
stp/nc hold
tri move tyr
tun move wes
tus move gol
ven move pie
vie move boh
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank move rum via convoy
bal move ber
bel move ruh
ber move sil
bla convoy ank move rum
boh support mun
bur move mun
edi hold
gal move war
gas move spa
hel move nth
hol hold
kie support bur move mun
gol move pie
mid move spa/sc
mar move spa
mun hold
naf move mid
nth move eng
nwy move nrg
par move gas
pie move mar
rom move tus
sev move mos
stp/nc hold
tri move ven
tus move gol
tyr support mun
tys support tus move gol
ukr support sev move mos
wes support gas move spa
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
build Fleet lvp
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move pru
bla convoy con move rum
boh support mun
bur support ruh move mun
con move rum via convoy
edi move nwy
eng move mid
gal hold
gas support mar move spa
hol move kie
ion move tun
kie move ber
lvp move iri
gol support spa move mar
mid move por
mar move spa
mos support ukr move war
mun hold
naf move mid
nth convoy edi move nwy
nrg move nat
pie support spa move mar
ruh move mun
rum move bud
sil support war
spa move mar
stp/nc move bar
tus move rom
tyr support mun
tys move nap
ukr move war
ven move rom
wes support naf move mid
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bar support nwy move stp
ber support sil
boh support mun
bud move vie
bur move bel
eng move bre
gal move war
gas move bre
iri support nat move mid
kie support tyr move mun
gol move spa/sc
mid support gol move spa
mar support gol move spa
mos support gal move war
mun support ruh move kie
nat move mid
nap move tys
nth move bel
nwy move stp
pie support mar
por move spa/sc
pru move lvn
ruh move mun
rum move gal
sil support tyr move mun
tun move naf
tus move gol
tyr support mun
ukr support gal move war
ven move tus
wes support gol move spa
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
build Fleet rom
build Army ven
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bar move nrg
ber move mun
bla convoy con move sev
boh support gal move sil
bur move bel
con move sev via convoy
eng support mid
gal move sil
gas move bre
iri support mid
kie support ber move mun
lvn support stp
gol support spa/sc
mid support por move spa
mar support spa/sc
mun support ruh move kie
naf support wes move mid
nth move hol
pie support mar
por support wes move mid
rom move tys
ruh move kie
sil support ber move mun
spa/sc support wes move mid
stp support lvn
tus hold
tyr support mun
tys move wes
ukr move gal
ven move tri
vie hold
war support gal move sil
wes move mid
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
England: fleet/dislodged mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
England: army/dislodged sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
mid move gas
sil move pru
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
England: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel support ruh move hol
ber move mun
bla hold
boh support sil move mun
bre hold
eng support hol move bel
gal move war
gas move bre
hol move bel
iri move nat
kie move ruh
lvn move bal
gol support pie move mar
mid move eng
mar move bur
mos support war move lvn
mun move kie
naf support mid
nrg move nat
pie move mar
pru move war
ruh move hol
sev move ukr
sil move mun
spa/sc support mid
stp move mos
tri hold
tus move pie
tyr support sil move mun
tys move tun
vie hold
war move lvn
wes support spa/sc
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
England: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
England: fleet/dislodged hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
hol move hel
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
England: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove ber
remove bur
build Army con
build Army par
build Fleet rom
remove ruh
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
England: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move bot
bel move ruh
bla convoy con move rum
boh move sil
bre hold
con move rum via convoy
eng support por move mid
gal support ukr move war
gas support por move mid
hel support hol move kie
hol move kie
iri support por move mid
kie move ber
lvn move stp
gol move spa/sc
mid move gas
mar support mid move gas
mos support lvn move stp
mun support boh move sil
naf support spa/sc move mid
nrg move nat
par support bre
pie support tyr
por move mid
pru move lvn
rom move tys
spa/sc move mid
stp support pru move lvn
tri support tyr
tun support rom move tys
tyr support tri
ukr move war
vie move boh
wes support spa/sc move mid
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Italy: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
England: army/dislodged stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
stp move fin
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Italy: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move kie
boh support mun
bot support lvn move stp
bre move pic
eng support nat move mid
fin move nwy
gal move sil
gas support naf move mid
hel move den
iri support nat move mid
kie move mun
lvn move stp
gol support spa/sc
mar move bur
mos support stp
mun support ber move kie
naf move mid
nat move mid
par move bur
pie move mar
por support nat move mid
ruh support par move bur
rum move ukr
sil move pru
spa/sc support naf move mid
stp hold
tri move tyr
tun move naf
tyr move pie
tys move tun
war move lvn
wes support naf move mid
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
France: army/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
kie move hol
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
boh support mun
bot support lvn move stp
bur move mar
con move bul
den support hol move kie
eng support nat move mid
gas move spa/nc
hol move kie
iri support nat move mid
lvn move stp
gol support gas move spa
mar move bur
mos support stp
naf move tun
nat move mid
nwy support lvn move stp
pic move bre
pie move mar
por support nat move mid
pru support war move lvn
ruh move mun
sil move ber
spa/sc move wes
tri move ven
tun move ion
tyr support mun
tys hold
ukr move war
war move lvn
wes move naf
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
England: army stp
Turkey: army/dislodged stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
stp move fin
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
England: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber support boh move mun
bla move con
boh move mun
bot support stp
bre move gas
bul move gre
bur support bre move gas
den move swe
eng support mid
fin support mos move stp
ion support tun
iri support mid
kie hold
lvn support mos move stp
gol convoy pie move spa
mid support por move spa
mar support mun move bur
mos move stp
mun move bur
naf support tun
nwy support stp
por move spa/sc
ruh support kie
spa/nc move gas
stp hold
tun support naf
tyr support boh move mun
tys support wes
ven move pie
war move sil
wes support pie move spa
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
England: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bur move bel
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
remove ion
build Army par
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move con
bel move bur
ber support mun move kie
bot move lvn
bre move gas
bur move ruh
con move aeg
eng move pic
fin support lvn move stp
iri support mid
kie support ruh move mun
lvn move stp
gol support mar move spa
mid support spa/sc
mar move spa
mos support lvn move stp
mun move kie
naf move mid
nwy move stp
par support bre move gas
pie move mar
ruh move mun
sil move mun
spa/sc hold
stp move fin
swe support stp move fin
tun move naf
tyr support sil move mun
tys support wes
ven move pie
wes support mar move spa
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Turkey: army kie
France: army/dislodged kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
France: supply spa
France: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
kie move hol
spa/sc move por
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Turkey: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bel support par move bur
bur move ruh
con move aeg
fin support lvn move stp
gas support par move bur
gre move ser
hol move kie
iri support mid
kie support bur move ruh
lvn move stp/sc
gol support spa
mid support por move spa
mar support spa
mos support stp move lvn
mun support bur move ruh
naf move mid
nwy support lvn move stp
par move bur
pic support bel
pie support mar
por move spa/sc
pru support stp move lvn
ruh move mun
spa hold
stp move lvn
swe move den
tun move naf
tyr move boh
tys support wes
wes support spa
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army con
remove pic
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank move con
bel move ruh
ber support kie
boh move sil
bur support bel move ruh
con move bul
den move kie
fin support lvn move stp
gas support bur
hol support bel move ruh
ion move adr
iri support mid
kie support ruh
lvn move stp/sc
gol support spa
mid support por move spa
mar move bur
mos support stp
mun support ruh
naf move mid
nwy support lvn move stp
pie support mar
por move spa/sc
pru move lvn
ruh hold
ser move bud
smy move aeg
spa hold
stp hold
tun move tys
tys move tus
wes support spa
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg move ion
bel move ruh
ber support kie
bud hold
bul move ser
bur support gas
con move bul
den move kie
fin support stp/sc
gas support por move spa
hol support bel move ruh
ion move nap
iri support mid
lvn hold
gol support spa
mid support por move spa
mar support spa
mos hold
mun move bur
naf move mid
nwy move swe
pie support adr move ven
por move spa/sc
ruh move hol
sil move pru
spa support mar
stp/sc hold
tus support tys move rom
tys move rom
wes support spa
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
