PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move pic
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar move pie
mos move stp
mun move bur
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move apu
sev move rum
smy move arm
stp/sc hold
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
apu move gre via convoy
arm move sev
bla move rum
bul support bla move rum
den hold
eng move bel
kie move hol
mos move lvn
mun move ruh
nth convoy yor move nwy
par move gas
pic move bel
pie move tyr via convoy
rum move sev
stp/sc move fin
ukr move rum
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
France: army gas
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
build Army con
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
build Army mun
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
France: army gas
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
apu move gre via convoy
arm move sev
bul move gre
con move bul
den support nwy move swe
eng move mid
gas move spa
hol move bel
ion convoy apu move gre
kie move bal
lon move eng
mun support ruh move bur
nth support hol move bel
nwy move swe
pic move bre
ruh move bur
rum support arm move sev
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bal support den
bel hold
bla convoy con move sev
bre move mid
bul move ser
bur move par
den support bal
eng move bre
ion move tun
mid support eng move bre
mun move tyr
nth move hol
sev move mos
spa hold
swe move den
tyr move mun
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
France: fleet/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bre move gas
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
France: fleet gas
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet edi
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
build Fleet lvp
build Fleet nap
build Fleet smy
remove tyr
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
France: fleet gas
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
apu move rom
bal move swe
bel support kie move hol
bla move sev
bre move pic
con move bul
den support bal move swe
edi move nth
hol move hel
kie move hol
lon move eng
lvp move iri
mid move bre
mos move stp
mun move kie
nap move ion
par move bur
rum move bla
ser move gre
smy move aeg
swe move den
tun move wes
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
France: fleet gas
Turkey: army gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army/dislodged swe
Germany: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
swe move nwy
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
France: fleet gas
Turkey: army gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg hold
bel support hol
bre support iri move mid
bul move rum
bur support bel
con move bul
den move nth
eng support pic move bel
hel support nth
hol support bel
iri move mid
kie move den
nth support pic move bel
pic move bel
rom move nap
swe move nwy
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
France: fleet gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet ber
build Army con
remove mid
build Army mun
remove nwy
build Army smy
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg hold
ank move arm
bel hold
ber move kie
bla move con
bre move mid
bul move rum
bur support bel
con move bul
den support hol move nth
eng support hel move nth
gas move mid
hel move nth
hol move nth
ion move adr
kie move ruh
mun move sil
nth move nwy
pic move bel
rum move gal
sev move bla
smy move con
spa move gas
stp move nwy
swe move nwy
wes move mid
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
France: fleet gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg move ion
arm move sev
bel support hol
bla move con
bre move mid
bul move rum
bur move mar
den support kie move hel
eng support hel move nth
gal move war
gas move bre
hel move nth
hol support bel
nth move nwy
pic move bre
ruh support bel
rum move gal
sev move bla
sil move war
spa move por
stp move nwy
swe support nth move nwy
ven support adr move tri
wes move mid
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
France: fleet gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Austria: fleet/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
France: fleet gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army mun
build Army rom
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
France: fleet gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel support hol
bla move con
bre move mid
bul move ser
con move aeg
eng support bre move mid
gal move war
gas move mid
gre move alb
hol support bel
ion move tun
kie move bal
mar move pie
mun move tyr
nap move rom
nth support nwy
nwy support nth
pic move bre
por move spa
rom move ven
ruh move kie
rum support sev move ukr
sev move ukr
sil move war
smy move arm
stp hold
ven move pie
wes move tun
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
France: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Russia: army/dislodged ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
France: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
arm move sev
bal convoy kie move lvn
bel hold
bre move gas
con move aeg
den hold
eng move mid
gal move war
gas move spa/nc
hol support bel
ion move tun
kie move lvn via convoy
mid move spa/sc
mar support mid move spa
nth support nwy
nwy support nth
rum move bud
ser support rum move bud
sil move boh
spa move gas
swe move bot
tyr move ven
ukr support gal move war
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army/dislodged spa
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
spa move por
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army con
build Army lon
remove por
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb support ser move tri
ank move arm
bal convoy lvn move kie
bel move bur
boh move sil
bot move stp/sc
bre move mid
con move bul
den move swe
gas move bre
hol move hel
ion move adr
lvn move kie via convoy
mid move spa/sc
mar support bel move bur
nth move eng
nwy support bot move stp
ser move tri
sev move mos
smy move aeg
spa/sc move wes
tun move tys
tyr move mun
ukr move war
war move lvn
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army/dislodged stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move apu via convoy
arm move sev
bal move lvn
bre hold
bud move vie
bul move rum
bur hold
eng move bre
hel move den
ion support tys move tun
kie move ruh
lon move wal
lvn support mos move stp
mid support eng move bre
mar hold
mos move stp
mun hold
nwy support stp/sc
sil move ber
spa/sc move por
stp/sc support bal move lvn
swe move fin
tri support bud move vie
tys move tun
war hold
wes move gol
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
France: fleet/dislodged bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet fin
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet fin
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
England: army wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army con
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet fin
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
England: army wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg move ion
alb move ser
ank move arm
bal hold
bre move mid
bur move gas
con move bul
den hold
fin support stp/sc
ion move tys
kie move ruh
lon move eng
lvn support mos move stp
gol move tys
mid move naf
mos move stp
mun support ber
nwy move nth
por move spa/sc
ruh move bur
rum move gal
sev move mos
stp/sc hold
tri support adr move ven
tun move wes
wal move lon
war support lvn move mos
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: fleet fin
Turkey: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Turkey: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: fleet fin
Turkey: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move lvn
bur support gas move mar
den move kie
eng convoy lon move naf
fin support stp/sc
gal move sil
gas move mar
lon move naf via convoy
lvn support mos move stp
gol move tys
mid convoy lon move naf
mar move pie
mos move stp
naf move wes
nth move bel
ruh move bel
sev move ukr
spa/sc support naf move wes
stp/sc hold
tri move tyr
vie move boh
war move pru
wes move tun
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: fleet fin
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: army naf
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
build Army con
build Army smy
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: fleet fin
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: army naf
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank move bla
arm move sev
bal support ber
ber support mun
boh move mun
bul move rum
bur support mun
eng move mid
fin support stp/sc
ion move tys
kie move hol
lvn support mos move stp
mid move naf
mar move pie
mos move stp
mun support ber
naf move tun
nth move eng
pie move tus
pru move ber
ruh support mun
ser move tri
sil support boh move mun
spa/sc move gol
stp/sc hold
tun support ion move tys
tyr support boh move mun
tys support naf move tun
ukr move gal
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: fleet fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal support ber
ber support mun
bur support mun
fin support stp/sc
gal move vie
hol move bel
ion move adr
gol support tys
naf move tun
pie move ven
pru move ber
ruh support mun
sev move ukr
sil support pru move ber
tri move ven
tun move naf
tus move rom
tys support tus move rom
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: fleet fin
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Germany: army rom
Italy: army/dislodged rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: fleet fin
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: army tun
England: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: fleet fin
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: army tun
England: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
bal support ber
bel hold
ber support mun
boh move mun
bur move mar
eng move mid
fin support stp/sc
ion move aeg
kie support mun
lon move eng
lvn support mos move stp
gol move tys
mid move spa/sc
mos move stp
mun support ber
naf move tun
pie move tus
pru move ber
rom support tys move nap
ruh support mun
rum move gal
sil support boh move mun
stp/sc hold
tri move ven
tun move naf via convoy
tyr support boh move mun
tys move nap
ukr move mos
ven move adr
vie move tri
wes convoy tun move naf
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: fleet fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: army naf
Italy: army/dislodged nap
England: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: fleet fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: army naf
England: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move apu
aeg move ion
gal move vie
ion move nap
lvn support mos move stp
mid move spa/sc
mar move pie
mos move stp
naf hold
nap support tys move ion
pru support sil move ber
sil move ber
spa/sc move wes
tri move ven
tun support tys move ion
tyr move pie
tys move ion
ukr move war
wes move tys
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: fleet fin
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: army naf
England: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet/dislodged stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
stp/sc move bot
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: fleet fin
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: army naf
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove bel
build Fleet con
build Fleet edi
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: fleet fin
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: army naf
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move sev via convoy
apu move adr
bal move lvn
boh move mun
bot support fin move stp
edi move nrg
eng move nth
fin move stp/sc
ion move apu
kie support mun
lvn move stp
mar move pie
mun hold
nap support ion move apu
pru move ber
rom support tus move ven
ruh support mun
smy move eas
spa/sc move wes
stp move nwy
tri move ven
tun move ion
tus move ven
tyr support boh move mun
tys support tun move ion
war move mos
wes move tun
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: army naf
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Turkey: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
aeg move ion
ank move arm
apu move adr
bal move swe
bla move con
boh move mun
bot support stp/sc
con move aeg
eas support aeg move ion
ion move alb
kie support mun
lvn support mos move stp
mos move stp
mun hold
nap support tys move ion
nth support nrg move nwy
nrg move nwy
pie support ven
pru move ber
rom support ven
ruh support mun
stp/sc hold
tri move ven
tun support tys move ion
tyr support tri move ven
tys move ion
vie move gal
wes move tys
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
England: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: army naf
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Turkey: army/dislodged nwy
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
nwy move fin
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
England: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: army naf
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
remove fin
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
England: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: army naf
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
aeg move gre
alb support apu move adr
apu move adr
bla move con
boh move mun
bot support stp/sc
con move aeg
eas move ion
gal move sil
ion move gre
kie support mun
lvn support mos move stp
mos move stp
mun hold
naf move tun
nap support tun move ion
nth move eng
nwy move nth
pie support ven
pru move ber
rom support ven
ruh support mun
stp/sc hold
swe move bal
tri move ven
tun move ion
tyr support tri move ven
ven hold
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
England: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: army naf
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg move gre
alb support ion move gre
arm move sev
bal move ber
bla move con
boh move mun
bot support stp/sc
con move bul/sc
eas move aeg
eng move mid
ion move gre
kie support mun
lvn support mos move stp
mos move stp
mun support bal move ber
naf move tun
nap support tun move ion
nth move eng
pie support ven move tyr
pru move ber
rom move ven
ruh support mun
sil support boh move mun
stp/sc hold
tri move ven
tun move ion
tyr support tri move ven
tys move wes
ven move tyr
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
England: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: army tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: army/dislodged tyr
Germany: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
England: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet gre
England: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: army tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army lon
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
England: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet gre
England: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: army tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support alb move tri
aeg move ion
alb move tri
bal support kie move ber
boh move vie
bot support stp/sc
con move aeg
eas support aeg move ion
eng convoy lon move naf
gre support ion
ion convoy tun move alb
kie move ber
lon move naf via convoy
lvn support mos move stp
mid convoy lon move naf
mos move stp
mun support kie move ber
nap support ion
pie support rom move ven
pru move war
rom move ven
ruh support mun
sev move rum
sil move ber
stp/sc hold
tun move alb via convoy
tyr move tri
wes hold
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
England: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Turkey: army/dislodged ber
Turkey: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet gre
England: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: army naf
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army/dislodged tri
England: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move pru
tri move ser
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
England: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet gre
England: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: army naf
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
England: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri
aeg move gre
alb support gre
bal support ber
ber hold
bot support stp/sc
bul/sc support aeg move gre
con move aeg
gre support ion
lvn support mos move stp
mos move stp
mun move boh
naf move tun
nap support ion
pie support ven
pru move war
ruh move bel
rum move bul
ser move tri
sil move boh
stp/sc hold
tri support alb
ven support tyr
vie move tri
war move gal
wes move tys
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
England: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
England: fleet gre
England: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
England: fleet tri
England: supply tri
England: army tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
build Army kie
build Fleet lvp
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
England: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
England: fleet gre
England: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
England: fleet tri
England: supply tri
England: army tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
aeg move ion
alb move gre
bal convoy kie move pru
ber support kie move pru
bot support stp/sc
con move aeg
eas support aeg move ion
eng move mid
gre move aeg
ion support gre move aeg
kie move pru via convoy
lvp move iri
mid move wes
mun support tyr move boh
nap support ion
pie move tyr
rum move bud
sil move boh
stp/sc hold
tri support adr
tyr move boh
ven support pie move tyr
PHASE 1913 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
England: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet/dislodged aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
England: army gre
England: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Germany: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
England: fleet tri
England: supply tri
England: army tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move smy
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
England: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
England: army gre
England: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Germany: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
England: fleet tri
England: supply tri
England: army tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
aeg move eas
bal support pru
bel move bur
ber move sil
boh move vie
bot support stp/sc
bud move vie
bul/sc move gre
con support smy move aeg
eas support smy move aeg
gal move vie
ion support aeg move eas
mos move ukr
mun support ber move sil
nap support ion
pru support ber move sil
ser support bul/sc move gre
sil move pru
smy move aeg
stp/sc hold
tri move alb
tun move rom via convoy
tyr support boh move vie
tys convoy tun move rom
ven move tri
war support sil move pru
PHASE 1913 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
England: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet eas
Turkey: fleet/dislodged eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
England: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
England: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army/dislodged sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
England: supply tri
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
England: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
England: army rom
England: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
build Army ber
build Army kie
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
England: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
England: army rom
England: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move alb
aeg move gre
alb move gre
ank move bla
bal convoy kie move stp
ber support sil
bot convoy kie move stp
bud move vie
con move aeg
eas move aeg
gal support bud move vie
ion support alb move gre
kie move stp via convoy
mun move boh
nap support ion
pru move war
rom move apu
sil support pru move war
smy support aeg move eas
stp/sc move fin
tri support vie
tyr support vie
ukr move war
vie support mun move boh
PHASE 1914 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
England: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet fin
Turkey: army gal
England: fleet gre
Turkey: fleet/dislodged gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
England: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Turkey: army/dislodged war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
gre move bul/sc
war move mos
PHASE 1914 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
England: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet fin
Turkey: army gal
England: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
England: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb support gre
bal support bot move lvn
ber move pru
boh move gal
bot move lvn
bud support ser move tri
bul/sc support aeg move gre
eas move aeg
fin move stp/sc
gal support ukr move war
gre support alb
ion support gre
mos support ukr move war
nap support ion
ser move tri
sil support war
stp move mos
tri support vie
tyr support tri
ukr move war
vie support boh move gal
war support stp move mos
PHASE 1914 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
England: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet fin
Germany: army gal
Turkey: army/dislodged gal
England: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
England: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
gal move rum
PHASE 1914 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
England: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet fin
Germany: army gal
England: fleet gre
England: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
England: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bla
build Army kie
build Fleet lvp
build Army mun
PHASE 1915 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
England: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet fin
Germany: army gal
England: fleet gre
England: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
England: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move eas
alb move gre
bal convoy kie move lvn
bud support rum move gal
bul/sc move aeg
con support bul/sc move aeg
eas support gre move aeg
fin support stp
gal move bud
gre move aeg
ion support gre move aeg
kie move lvn via convoy
lvn move bot
mun move boh
nap support ion
pru support kie move lvn
rum move gal
ser support bud
sil move war
smy support aeg move eas
stp support war move mos
tri support gal move bud
tyr support tri
ukr support rum move gal
vie support gal move bud
war move mos
PHASE 1915 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
England: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Turkey: army/dislodged bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet/dislodged eas
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet fin
Turkey: army gal
England: fleet gre
England: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Turkey: army/dislodged mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
England: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bud move rum
eas move syr
mos move sev
PHASE 1915 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
England: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet fin
Turkey: army gal
England: fleet gre
England: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
England: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
England: fleet syr
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb support gre
boh move gal
bud support boh move gal
con move aeg
eas move syr
gre support alb
ion move eas
lvn support pru move war
lvp move nat
mos support war move ukr
nap move ion
pru move war
rum move bud
ser support rum move bud
sev move mos
smy support eas move syr
stp support mos
syr support ion move eas
tri move ser
tyr move ven
ukr support sev move mos
vie support bud
war move ukr
PHASE 1915 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
England: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet fin
Turkey: army gal
England: fleet gre
England: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
England: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
England: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: fleet syr
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove gal
build Army lvp
build Army mun
remove ukr
PHASE 1916 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
England: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet fin
England: fleet gre
England: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
England: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
England: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: fleet syr
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support bul/sc move gre
alb support gre
boh move gal
bud support boh move gal
bul/sc move gre
eas move ion
gre support alb
ion move adr
lvn move mos
mos move ukr
mun move boh
pru move lvn
rum support ser
ser hold
smy support syr move eas
stp support lvn move mos
syr move eas
tri support bud
tys support eas move ion
ven support tri
vie support bud
war support mos move ukr
PHASE 1916 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
England: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet fin
Germany: army gal
England: fleet gre
England: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
England: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
England: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr convoy apu move alb
alb move gre
apu move alb via convoy
bal move den
boh move tyr
bot move swe
bud move rum
gal support bud move rum
gre move aeg
ion support gre move aeg
lvn move stp
mos support ukr move sev
stp move nwy
tri move ser
tys support ion
ukr move sev
ven move tri
vie support ven move tri
war move ukr
PHASE 1916 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
England: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet/dislodged aeg
England: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet fin
Germany: army gal
England: fleet gre
England: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
England: supply nap
Germany: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
England: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Turkey: army/dislodged sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1916 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
England: fleet aeg
England: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet fin
Germany: army gal
England: fleet gre
England: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
England: supply nap
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
England: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
