PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar support par move bur
mos move war
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move ven
sev move rum
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
tri move adr
ven move tyr
vie move bud
war move pru
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
arm support bla move sev
bla move sev
bot move swe
bud move rum
bul move gre
bur move bel
hol hold
ion move gre
kie move den
mid move por
mar move spa
pru move ber
ruh move mun
rum move sev
ser support bud move rum
tyr move boh
ven move tyr
war move sil
PHASE 1901 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: fleet por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: fleet/dislodged rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
rum move bla
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Army con
build Army kie
build Fleet mar
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
arm move ank
ber move kie
boh support tyr move mun
bre move eng
bud move rum
bul move gre
con move bul
den support kie
hol hold
ion move tun
kie hold
mar move gol
mun hold
nth convoy yor move nwy
nrg move nwy
par move pic
por move mid
rum move ukr
ser support bud move rum
sil support tyr move mun
smy move aeg
spa move mar
stp/nc move nwy
swe support stp/nc move nwy
tyr move mun
vie move gal
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
mun move bur
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support gre
ber move kie
boh support mun
bur move mun
eng move lon
gal move ukr
gre hold
hol move kie
ion move gre
kie support bur move mun
gol move wes
mid move iri
mun support ber move kie
nth convoy yor move nwy
nrg support yor move nwy
pic move par
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sil move war
swe move den
tun hold
ukr move mos
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
bul move con
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
remove den
build Fleet nap
build Army ven
build Army vie
remove nth
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
bel move hol
ber move kie
bla support ukr move sev
boh support mun
bre move eng
bud move ser
bur move gas
con support aeg move bul
hol move nth
ion move alb
iri move wal
kie move hol
lon move nth
mar move bur
mos support ukr move sev
mun support boh
nap move ion
nrg move nth
nwy move nrg
par support mar move bur
rum move ukr
sev move rum
swe move den
tun support nap move ion
ukr move sev
ven move tyr
vie move bud
war move sil
wes move mid
yor move lvp
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb support ion move gre
ank move arm
ber move kie
boh support tyr move mun
bud move rum
bul/sc hold
bur move mar
con support bul/sc
den support ber move kie
eng move bre
gas move spa
gre hold
hol move hel
ion move gre
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move wal
mid move spa/sc
mun move ruh
nrg move nth
par move bre
ser support ion move gre
sev support bud move rum
sil move ber
tun move wes
tyr move mun
ukr support bud move rum
wal move lvp
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Germany: army/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
kie move hol
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove gas
remove hol
build Fleet rom
build Fleet smy
build Army stp
build Army war
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move ion
arm move sev
bel move hol
ber support kie
bla support arm move sev
boh move mun
bud move gal
bul/sc hold
con support bul/sc
den move nth
eng support lon move nth
gre support ser move bul
hel move nth
kie support ruh move hol
lon move nth
lvp move wal
mid move wes
mar move pie
mos support sev
mun move ruh
nrg move nth
nwy support den move nth
par move bur
rom move tys
ruh move hol
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev hold
smy move aeg
stp move mos
ukr support mos
wal move iri
war support stp move mos
wes hold
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Italy: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
bel support bur move ruh
ber support kie move mun
bla move ank
bul hold
bur move ruh
con support aeg move bul
den move nth
eng move mid
gal move war
gre support bul
hel move kie
hol support ruh move bel
ion move eas
iri move lvp
kie move mun
lon move nth
mid move spa/sc
mos support gal move war
mun hold
nwy support den move nth
pie move ven
ruh move bel
rum move sev
stp support war move mos
tys move gol
ukr support rum move sev
war move mos
wes hold
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army bel
France: army/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Austria: army/dislodged mos
Austria: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Italy: army/dislodged mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Turkey: army/dislodged sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
France: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move bur
mos move lvn
mun move bur
sev move arm
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove aeg
build Army mar
build Army par
build Army rom
build Army tri
build Army vie
remove wal
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move ank
bel move ruh
ber move pru
con support arm move ank
eas move smy
gre move aeg
hol support bel move ruh
kie move den
lon move yor
lvn support ukr move mos
lvp move cly
gol support wes move spa
mid support spa/sc
mar support ruh move bur
mos support stp move lvn
mun move sil
nth support nwy move nrg
nrg move edi
nwy move nrg
par support ruh move bur
rom hold
ruh move bur
spa/sc support mid
stp move lvn
ukr move mos
ven move rom
vie move bud
war support ukr move mos
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Russia: fleet/dislodged ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
ank move bla
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg move con
ank support con move smy
bla move rum
bud move rum
bul support aeg move con
bur move bel
cly move nrg
con move smy
den hold
edi move nrg
hol move bel
lvn move stp
gol move spa/sc
mid move wes
mar support spa/sc
mos support lvn move stp
nth move lon
nrg move cly
par move pic
pru move war
rom move ven
ruh move mun
sil support pru move war
smy support aeg move con
spa/sc support mid move wes
stp move lvn
tri support rom move ven
ven move rom
war move sil
wes support gol move spa
yor move lon
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Italy: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Austria: fleet/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Russia: army/dislodged stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
France: army/dislodged ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Austria: army/dislodged war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
smy move aeg
stp move nwy
ven move tyr
war move ukr
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
remove bla
build Army kie
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
remove sil
remove tyr
build Army vie
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg support bul move con
bud move gal
bul move con
bur support pic move bel
cly move nat
con move bla
den move swe
hol move bel
kie move ber
gol support wes move spa
mid support spa/sc
mos move lvn
mun move bur
nap move tys
nth move lon
nrg move bar
nwy move stp
pic move bel
rom move ven
sev move arm
spa/sc support mar
stp support ukr move mos
tri move vie
ukr move mos
ven move pie
vie move boh
war move mos
wes move spa/sc
yor move lon
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
Italy: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg support con
arm support bla move ank
bar move stp/nc
ber hold
bla move ank
boh move sil
bur support pic move bel
con support bla move ank
gal move war
hol move kie
lvn support stp
gol support pie move mar
mid support spa/sc
mun move bur
nat move nrg
nth move den
nwy support bar move stp
pic move bel
pie move mar
spa/sc support mar
swe hold
tys move tun
ukr move mos
ven move pie
vie move boh
war move mos
wes move spa/sc
yor move lon
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Italy: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Italy: supply hol
Italy: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
mar move gas
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Italy: supply hol
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet rom
build Army ven
build Army vie
remove war
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Italy: supply hol
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move smy
ank hold
arm move sev
bar move nwy
bel move hol
ber move pru
boh move sil
bur support gas move mar
con support aeg move smy
den support nwy move swe
edi move cly
gal move war
gas move mar
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvn support stp
gol move spa/sc
mid move wes
mar hold
mun support sil move ber
nrg move edi
nwy move swe
pie support mar
rom move tys
sil move ber
smy hold
spa/sc support gas move mar
stp hold
swe move bot
tun move naf
ukr move mos
ven move tyr
vie move boh
wes support gol move spa
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Italy: supply hol
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army/dislodged smy
Austria: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
smy move syr
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Italy: supply hol
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move bla
bel move hol
boh support tyr move mun
bur support gas move mar
cly move lvp
con move bul
den move nth
gas move mar
kie support mun move ruh
lvn move stp
gol move spa/sc
mid support spa/sc
mar hold
mos support lvn move stp
mun move ruh
naf support wes move mid
nth support bel move hol
nwy support den move nth
pie support mar
sev move ukr
sil support ber
spa/sc support mid
stp move fin
tyr move mun
tys move wes
wes move mid
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army fin
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: fleet/dislodged mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
France: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
mid move por
nth move eng
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bla
build Army bud
build Army par
remove syr
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move kie
boh hold
bud move vie
bur support gas
edi move nth
eng move mid
fin move nwy
gas support bur
hol move bel
kie move hol
gol support mid move spa
mid move spa/sc
mar move gas
mun move bur
naf move mid
nth move nrg
nwy move stp/nc
par support bur
pie move mar
por support spa/sc
ruh support kie move hol
sil move ber
smy move aeg
spa/sc support por
stp support fin move nwy
swe move fin
tri move adr
ukr move gal
vie move tyr
war move sil
wes support mid move spa
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Italy: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Italy: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Austria: army nwy
Russia: fleet/dislodged nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
nwy move bar
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Italy: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Italy: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Austria: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bar support nrg move nwy
bel support bur
ber move kie
boh move sil
bul move ser
bur support bel
eng support por move mid
fin support nrg move nwy
gal move war
gas move spa
hol hold
kie move den
gol support spa/sc
mar support spa/sc
mos support stp
mun move bur
naf move mid
nth move edi
nrg move nwy
par support bur
pie support mar
por move mid
ruh support hol
sil move ber
spa/sc support naf move mid
stp support nwy
vie move boh
wes support naf move mid
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
Austria: army den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Italy: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Italy: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Austria: army/dislodged nwy
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
nwy move swe
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bar
build Army bud
remove fin
remove por
build Fleet tri
build Army ven
build Army vie
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
bel support bur
bud move tri
bur support bel
edi move nth
eng move bre
gas move mar
hol hold
ion move tys
gol move spa/sc
mar support gol move spa
mos move stp
mun move bur
naf move mid
par move bur
pie support mar
ruh support mun move bur
spa/sc move por
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri move adr
ven move tus
wes support naf move mid
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Austria: army nwy
Russia: fleet/dislodged nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Austria: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
bel support bur
bre support gas
bur support bel
gas support bur
hol support ruh
ion move tys
mid move iri
mar move bur
mun support mar move bur
nth move eng
par support bur
pie move mar
por support wes move mid
ruh support hol
spa/sc support pie move mar
tus move pie
tys move wes
wes move mid
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove gas
build Fleet rom
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel support bur
bre move eng
bur support bel
eng move nth
hol move bel
ion move tys
iri move wal
mid move iri
mar move gas
mun move bur
par support bur
pie move mar
por move mid
rom hold
ruh support hol move bel
spa/sc hold
tus move pie
tys move wes
wes move naf
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army bel
France: army/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move pic
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move kie
bur move bel
eng convoy pic move lon
gas support mid move bre
iri move eng
kie move hol
mid move bre
mar move bur
mun support mar move bur
nth support eng
par move bre
pic move lon via convoy
pie move mar
rom move tys
ruh support bel
sil move ber
tys move wes
wal move lon
war move sil
wes move mid
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
