PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move eng
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move ven
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move tyr
vie move bud
war hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move tri
bla move sev
bot move swe
bud move vie
bul move gre
bur move mun
con move bul
den hold
eng move bel
ion move tun
kie move hol
nth move hol
nrg move nwy
ruh move mun
ser support alb move tri
spa hold
stp move nwy
tyr move mun
ven move tri
war move ukr
yor move lon
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Fleet con
build Army mar
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
bud move tri
bul support sev move rum
bur move ruh
con move bla
den move hel
gre move alb
kie move hol
lon move nwy via convoy
mar move pie
mos move sev
nap move ion
nth convoy lon move nwy
nrg support lon move nwy
ruh support kie move hol
rum move bla
ser move rum
sev move rum
smy move aeg
spa move por
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri move adr
tun move wes
tyr move pie
ukr support mos move sev
ven hold
vie support bud move tri
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
aeg move gre
alb move ser
arm move sev
bel hold
bre move pic
bul support rum
bur support bre move pic
con move bla
hel move den
hol support ruh move bel
ion move adr
lon move nwy via convoy
mar move pie
mun move bur
nth convoy lon move nwy
nrg support lon move nwy
por move spa
ruh move bel
rum support arm move sev
sev support ukr move rum
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri move ven
tyr hold
ukr move rum
ven support tyr
vie move tyr
wes move gol
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
France: fleet/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move eng
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove eng
build Army kie
build Army mos
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move alb
alb move ser
arm move sev
bel move bur
ber move kie
bla support rum
bul support alb move ser
bur move mun
gre support alb
hol move bel
ion move adr
kie move ruh
gol move pie
mos support sev
mun support bel move bur
nth support nrg move nwy
nrg move nwy
pic move bel
pie hold
rum support arm move sev
ser move bul
sev hold
spa move mar
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri move ven
tyr support ven
ukr support sev
ven move tri
vie move tyr
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bur move par
ser move bud
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
alb support tri
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
bud support sev move rum
bul support ser
bur move gas
gre move alb
hol move bel
kie move hol
lon hold
gol move pie
mar support par move bur
mos support sev
nth support nrg move nwy
nrg move nwy
par move bur
pic move bel
pie move tus
ruh support hol move bel
rum support arm move sev
ser support rum
sev move rum
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri move ser
tyr support ven
ukr support sev
ven support tyr
vie support tri
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: fleet pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove alb
build Army con
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: fleet pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move pic
bla support bul move rum
bud move ser
bul move rum
bur move gas
con move bul
den move swe
gas move par
gre move alb
hol move bel
ion move nap
mar move pie
mos move sev
mun support ruh move bur
nth support nrg move nwy
nrg move nwy
pic move bel
pie move tus
ruh move bur
rum support mos move sev
ser support bul move rum
sev support bul move rum
smy move aeg
stp support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tri support bud move ser
tus move ven
tyr support ven
ukr support mos move sev
ven support tyr
vie move tyr
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: fleet pie
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: army/dislodged ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: army/dislodged sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
rum move bud
ser move gre
sev move arm
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: fleet pie
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move tri
arm move sev
bel move pic
bla support arm move sev
bud move rum
bul support gre move ser
bur support bel move pic
gre move ser
mun support bur
nap move rom
nth support nrg move nwy
nrg move nwy
par move bre
pie hold
rum support arm move sev
ser support bud move rum
sev support bud move rum
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri support ser
tyr support ven
ukr support sev
ven support nap move rom
vie move tyr
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: fleet/dislodged pic
Italy: fleet pie
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: fleet pie
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet kie
build Army mos
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: fleet pie
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move tri
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
bre move gas
bud support ukr move rum
bul move rum
bur support bre move gas
gas move bur
hol move ruh
ion move adr
kie move hol
mar support gas move bur
mos support sev
nth support nrg move nwy
nrg move nwy
pic move par
pie support ven move tus
rom support ven move tus
rum support arm move sev
ser support alb move tri
sev support ukr move rum
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri support vie move tyr
tyr move ven
ukr move rum
ven move tus
vie move tyr
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Germany: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: army par
France: supply par
Italy: fleet pie
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Turkey: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Turkey: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bur move bel
rum move gal
tri move vie
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: army par
France: supply par
Italy: fleet pie
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
arm move sev
bel move bur
bla support arm move sev
bud support rum
bul move rum
bur hold
gal move bud
gas move spa
hol move bel
mar move pie
mos support sev
mun support bel move bur
nth support nrg move nwy
nrg move nwy
par support bel move bur
pie move gol
rom move tys
ruh support bel move bur
rum support bud
ser support bul move rum
sev support rum
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri hold
tus move pie
tyr support adr move ven
ven support tri
vie support tyr
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bur move gas
rum move ukr
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army con
remove gas
build Fleet kie
remove tyr
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
arm move sev
bel move eng
ber move sil
bla support rum
bud support ukr move rum
bur hold
con move bul
den move ska
gal support ser move bud
kie move den
gol support mar
mar move pie
mos support sev
mun move tyr
nth support nrg move nwy
nrg move nwy
par move pic
ruh move hol
rum support ser move bud
ser move bud
sev hold
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri hold
tus support ven
tys move wes
ukr move rum
ven hold
vie support ser move bud
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
bud support tri
bul move ser
bur move mar
den move nth
eng convoy pic move wal
gal move war
gol move spa/sc
mos support sev
nth support nrg move nwy
nrg move nwy
pic move wal via convoy
pie move ven
rum support arm move sev
sev hold
sil move war
ska move nwy
spa move por
stp support ska move nwy
swe support ska move nwy
tus support ven
tyr support pie move ven
ukr support sev
ven support tus
wes support gol move spa
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: army pie
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army con
build Army mun
remove pie
build Fleet rom
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move smy
ber move pru
bla move rum
bud support ser move tri
con move bul
den move nth
eng move bel
gal support ukr move war
hol move bel
ion move tun
lon move bel
mar move pie
mos support sev
mun move boh
nth support nrg move nwy
nrg move nwy
nwy support den move nth
por move spa
rom move nap
rum move ser
ser move tri
sev hold
sil move war
spa/sc move gol
stp move lvn
tri move adr
tus move rom
tyr move ven
ukr support sev
ven move apu
vie move tyr
wal move lvp
wes move tun
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
boh move mun
bud move vie
bul move ser
den move nth
eng support den move nth
gal move sil
ion move nap
lon move bel
lvn move war
lvp move edi
mos support lvn move war
nap move tys
nth support lon move bel
nrg move nwy
nwy support den move nth
pie move tyr
pru move sil
rom move tus
rum move bla
ser move tri
sev hold
smy move con
swe move ska
tri move ven
tyr move mun
ukr support war move gal
ven support pie move tyr
war move gal
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: army/dislodged gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Germany: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
gal move bud
nth move yor
ven move rom
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
remove apu
build Army ber
build Fleet kie
remove lon
remove gol
build Army mun
remove nrg
build Fleet smy
remove tus
remove tyr
remove tys
remove yor
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
ank move con
ber move mun
bla move rum
boh support gal move vie
bud support ukr move gal
con move bul
edi move lvp
eng move mid
gal move vie
kie move den
mos support sev
mun move tyr
nap support ven move rom
nth move lon
nrg support yor move edi
nwy move nrg
pie move ven
pru move sil
rom support pie move ven
ser move tri
sev support ukr move rum
smy move aeg
spa move mar
tri move ven
ukr move rum
ven move rom
vie move boh
war move gal
wes hold
yor move edi
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Germany: army/dislodged rom
Germany: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
rom move apu
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu move nap
boh support mun move tyr
den support ska move nth
edi support nrg move nth
gal move bud
mid move naf
mar move pie
mos support sev
mun move tyr
nrg move nth
nwy move nrg
pie move tus
rum support gal move bud
sev hold
ska move nth
tyr move tri
vie support tyr move tri
wes hold
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Turkey: army/dislodged bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Turkey: army/dislodged tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet kie
build Army mun
remove nrg
build Army stp
build Army war
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu support tus move rom
boh move vie
bud move ser
den move nth
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move edi
mos move sev
mun move tyr
naf move tun
nwy support den move nth
pie support tyr move ven
rum support bud move ser
sev move arm
sil hold
ska move nth
stp move lvn
tri move alb
tus move rom
tyr move ven
vie move tri
war move ukr
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Germany: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army apu
Russia: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: supply por
Germany: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Germany: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Turkey: army/dislodged ven
Turkey: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Germany: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army apu
Russia: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: supply por
Germany: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Germany: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
apu move nap
arm move smy
den support nth
edi move yor
eng move mid
lvn move war
lvp support nth move edi
nth move edi
nwy support nth
pie move mar
rom support apu move nap
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sev support ukr move rum
spa/sc hold
tri support ven
tyr support tri
ukr move rum
ven support apu
vie support tri
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Germany: army nap
Turkey: fleet/dislodged nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: supply por
Germany: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Germany: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army gre
Germany: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Germany: army nap
Germany: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: supply por
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Germany: fleet tun
Germany: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
