PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move kie
bre move eng
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move war
mun move ber
nap move tys
par move pic
rom move tus
sev hold
stp/sc move bot
ven move pie
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ber move kie
den move swe
eng hold
kie move den
nth move hol
nrg move nwy
pic move bel
pie move mar
spa hold
tus move pie
tys move gol
yor move lon
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Fleet edi
build Fleet lvp
build Army mun
build Army par
build Army ven
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move pic
ber move pru
bre move eng
den move swe
edi move nth
eng move mid
hol move kie
kie move ruh
lon hold
lvp move iri
gol support mar move spa
mar move spa
mun move sil
nwy support edi move nth
pie move tyr
spa hold
swe move ska
ven move tyr
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
France: army/dislodged spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
spa move por
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
con move bul
eng move nth
iri move mid
kie move den
gol move wes
mid support por
nth move hol
nwy move swe
pic move bel
pie move tyr
por move spa
pru move war
ruh support pic move bel
sil support pru move war
ska support swe move nwy
smy move con
spa move por
swe move nwy
ven hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
nwy move stp/nc
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
build Fleet kie
build Fleet nap
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move hol
den move bal
edi support hol move nth
hol move nth
iri move eng
kie support ruh move hol
lon hold
mid support por move spa
nth support bel move hol
nwy support ska move swe
por move spa
ruh move hol
sil move gal
ska move swe
stp/nc move bar
tyr support ven move tri
ven move tri
war support sil move gal
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
Germany: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet/dislodged nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Italy: army/dislodged spa
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: fleet/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
nth move hel
spa move mar
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
France: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move ber
bar move stp/nc
bel move hol
edi move nrg
eng convoy lon move bre
gal move rum
hel support bel move hol
hol hold
kie support swe move den
lon move bre via convoy
mid support spa
mar move spa
nap move ion
nth move den
nwy move swe
swe move den
tri support tyr move vie
tyr move vie
war move mos
wes support mar move spa
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
England: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
Germany: army/dislodged hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
hol move ruh
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army par
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move kie
den move hel
eng move mid
hel support hol
hol hold
ion move tun
kie support ruh move hol
mid support par move bre
mar support wes move spa
mos support rum move sev
mun move bur
nap move ion
nth support nrg move nwy
nrg move nwy
par move bre
ruh move hol
rum move sev
spa move mar
stp/nc hold
swe move den
tri move ser
vie move tri
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Germany: army sev
Russia: fleet/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army/dislodged spa
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
spa move por
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Germany: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ber hold
bre move par
bur move bel
den support kie
eng move bel
hel support hol move kie
hol move kie
ion move gre
mid support por move spa
mar move spa
mos move sev
nth support eng move bel
nwy hold
par hold
por move spa
ruh support bur move bel
ser support tri move bud
sev move arm
spa/sc move por
stp/nc hold
swe support den
tri move bud
tun move naf
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army arm
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Germany: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
