PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move tus
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move bla
bot move swe
bul move rum
con move bul
gal move vie
hol support ruh move bel
ion move tun
kie move den
lvp move wal
mid move por
nth move den
nrg move nwy
pic move bel
ruh move bel
ser support alb move gre
sev support ukr move rum
tri move bud
ukr move rum
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
build Fleet bre
build Fleet lon
build Army mar
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army smy
build Fleet stp/sc
build Army tri
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel hold
ber move bal
bla convoy con move rum
bre move eng
bud move vie
bul support con move rum
con move rum via convoy
gre support bul
hol move nth
kie move den
mar move bur
mos move ukr
mun hold
nap support tun move ion
nth move den
pic hold
por move mid
rum hold
ser move bud
sev support rum
smy move arm
spa move mar
stp/sc move bot
swe hold
tri support bud move vie
tun move ion
vie hold
wal move lvp
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Russia: army/dislodged vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
vie move boh
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bal move den
bel hold
bla convoy con move rum
boh hold
bot move bal
bud support vie
bul support con move rum
bur support eng move bel
con move rum via convoy
eng move bel
gal support sev move rum
hol support bel
ion move eas
kie support bal move den
mid move spa/sc
mun hold
nap move ion
nth support eng move bel
pic support eng move bel
rum hold
sev hold
swe support bot move bal
tri move ser
tus hold
ukr support sev
vie support bud
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army/dislodged bel
France: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move ruh
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bal
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Army tri
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bel move eng
bla support rum
boh move gal
bud move gal
bul support rum
den move nth
eas support ion move aeg
gal move rum
hol support den move nth
ion move aeg
kie support hol
lvp move edi
mun move bur
pic move bel
ruh support mun move bur
rum support bul
ser support gre
sev hold
smy hold
swe hold
tri support vie
ukr support sev
vie support bud move gal
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bur move pic
gal move war
nth move hel
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
arm support smy
bla support rum move sev
boh move gal
bul move con
bur move mun
eas move smy
eng support bel
gal move ukr
gre hold
hel move den
hol support ruh move bel
kie move den
mar support par move bur
nth support ruh move bel
par move bur
pic support bel
ruh move bel
rum move sev
ser support gre
sev hold
spa/sc support mar
swe hold
tri move bud
ukr support sev
vie move bud
war move mos
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army con
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
arm support smy
bla support sev
boh move gal
bul move rum
bur support bel
con move bul
eas hold
eng move nth
gal move war
gre hold
hel move den
hol move bel
kie move den
mar support bur
mos support ukr
mun move bur
nth support hol move bel
pic support bel
ruh support mun move bur
ser move bud
sev support bul move rum
swe hold
tri hold
tus hold
ukr support boh move gal
vie hold
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm support smy
bla support bul move con
bud support vie move gal
bul move con
con move smy
eas support con move smy
eng support bel
gal move war
hel move den
hol support nth
kie move den
mar support bur
mos support gal move war
mun support ruh
nth support hol
pic support bel
ruh move kie
rum move ukr
sev move mos
smy support bul move con
tri move ser
tus move ven
ukr support bud move war
ven move tus
vie move gal
war support sev move mos
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Italy: fleet/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
con move ank
gal move sil
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet nap
remove sil
remove smy
build Army vie
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
arm move ank
bel support bur move ruh
bla support sev
bud support vie move gal
bur move ruh
con support arm move ank
eas move smy
eng support bel
gal move war
hel move den
kie move den
mar move bur
mos hold
mun support ruh move bur
nap move ion
nth support hol
pic support bel
ruh move bur
rum move ukr
ser move tri
sev support rum move ukr
spa/sc hold
swe hold
ukr support mos
vie move gal
war move lvn
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Italy: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
ank support con move smy
bel support bur
bla move bul/ec
bud move rum
bur support bel
con move smy
eng support bel
gal support bud move rum
gre move bul/sc
hel support lon move nth
hol support ruh move bel
ion move aeg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvn move stp
mar support bur
mos move stp
mun move kie
nth support ruh move bel
pic support bel
ruh move bel
sev move mos
spa/sc move wes
swe move den
ukr support sev move mos
war support mos
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Italy: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet/dislodged nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Italy: fleet/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
nth move yor
smy move eas
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army con
build Army stp
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
ank support smy
bel support bur
bla support ukr move rum
bud support rum
bur support bel
con move bul
eas move aeg
eng support bel
gal move ukr
gre support aeg move bul
hel move nth
hol move nth
kie move den
lvn move mos
mar support bur
mos move war
mun support ruh
nth move lon
pic support bel
rum support aeg move bul
smy hold
stp hold
swe move bot
ukr move rum
war support lvn move mos
yor move lon
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Turkey: army/dislodged mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
mos move sev
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg move con
ank support smy move con
bel hold
bla support ukr move rum
bot move swe
bud support rum
bul/sc support aeg move con
bur support bel
con move bul
den hold
eng support nth move lon
gal support rum
gre support bul/sc
hel move den
hol move nth
mar support bur
mos move sev
mun move kie
nth support hel move den
nwy move swe
pic support bel
ruh hold
rum support mos move sev
sev support ukr move rum
smy move con
stp hold
ukr move rum
war move mos
yor move lon
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove ank
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
remove nwy
remove ukr
build Army vie
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support bul/sc
bel support bur
bla support sev
bot move swe
bud move tri
bur support bel
con hold
den move swe
eng support nth move lon
gal move ukr
hel support nth move hol
hol move nth
kie hold
lon support hol move nth
mar support bur
mos support gal move ukr
mun move bur
nap move ion
nth move hol
pic support bel
ruh support mun move bur
rum move sev
sev hold
smy support con
stp hold
tri move tyr
vie move boh
war move lvn
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support bul/sc
bel support bur move ruh
bla support sev
boh support tyr move mun
bot support stp
bur move ruh
con hold
den support kie
edi move lvp
eng move lon
hel move nth
hol move nth
ion move tun
kie support mun
lon support hol move nth
lvn move stp
mar support bur
mos support ukr move sev
mun support ruh
nth move nwy
pic support bel
ruh hold
rum support ukr move sev
sev hold
smy support con
stp hold
tri hold
tus support ven
tyr move mun
ukr move sev
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Turkey: army/dislodged sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
sev move arm
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove arm
build Army ber
build Army vie
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move hol
ber support mun
bla move arm
boh move sil
bot support stp
con support bul/sc
den support kie
eng support bel
gre hold
hel move nth
hol hold
kie support hol
lon hold
lvn move mos
lvp move wal
mar move bur
mos move sev
mun hold
pic support bel
ruh support bel move hol
rum support mos move sev
sev move arm
smy support con
stp hold
tri hold
tyr move mun
vie move boh
wes move gol
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bel move hol
ber move pru
bla move arm
bot move swe
bur support ruh
con support bul/sc
den move swe
eng support nth move lon
hol support lon move nth
kie move ber
lon move nth
lvn move pru
mun move boh
nth move lon
ruh support bel move hol
sev move arm
sil support boh move mun
smy support con
stp hold
tri hold
tyr support boh move mun
wal support nth move lon
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: fleet/dislodged hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
Germany: fleet/dislodged lon
Germany: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
hol move nth
lon move yor
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: supply war
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
remove nth
build Army par
remove yor
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move eas
ber move sil
bla support con move bul
boh move mun
bot support stp
bur move mun
con move bul
den move kie
edi move nth
gre move aeg
kie move ber
lvn move pru
mos move stp
mun support ber move sil
par move bur
pic move bel
ruh support bur move mun
rum support bul/sc
sev hold
sil support boh move mun
smy move arm
stp hold
tri support tyr
tun move wes
tus move pie
tyr support boh move mun
ven support tus move pie
wal move lvp
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support eas move smy
arm move smy
bel support ruh
ber support mun
bla move bul/ec
boh support sil move mun
bot support stp
bul/sc move con
bur move mar
con move smy
den move swe
eas move smy
hol support ruh
kie support mun
lon move nth
lvp move wal
gol move spa/sc
mun hold
nth move nrg
par move bur
pie move mar
pru move ber
ruh support hol
rum support bul/sc
sev move arm
sil move mun
stp hold
tri support tyr
tyr support sil move mun
wes hold
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bot
remove con
build Fleet rom
build Army vie
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support bul/sc move con
arm move smy
bel move ruh
ber support kie
bla move con
boh move sil
bul/sc move con
bur move mar
eng move mid
hol move kie
kie support ber
mos move stp
mun move ber
nth move den
nrg move bar
par move bur
pie move mar
pru support mun move ber
rom move tys
ruh support hol move kie
rum move ukr
sev hold
smy support bul/sc move con
spa/sc support bur move mar
stp hold
swe move den
tri move tyr
tyr move mun
vie move boh
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
arm move rum via convoy
bel move hol
ber support mun move kie
bla convoy arm move rum
boh move mun
bur support ruh
con move bul/ec
mid move wes
mos support stp
mun move kie
nth move den
pie move mar
pru support ber
ruh support kie
sil support boh move mun
spa/sc support mid move wes
stp hold
swe move den
tyr support boh move mun
tys move gol
wes move naf
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet nap
build Army par
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
ber support mun
bla move rum
boh move vie
bur support ruh move mun
con move bul/ec
hol support kie
kie support ruh move mun
gol support naf move wes
mar support spa/sc
mos support stp
naf move wes
nap move tys
nth move den
par move gas
pie move mar
pru move war
ruh move mun
rum move ser
sev move rum
sil support mun
smy move con
spa/sc support mar
stp hold
swe move den
tyr move tri
ukr move gal
wes move tun
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
ber support mun
bla move ank
bul/ec support gal move rum
bur support ruh move mun
con support bul/ec
gal move rum
gas support mar
hol support ruh
kie move ber
mar support spa/sc
nth move den
pie move mar
ruh move mun
ser move bud
sev support gal move rum
sil support mun
spa/sc support mar
stp hold
swe move den
tri support vie move bud
tun move tys
tys support wes move tun
vie move bud
war move lvn
wes move tun
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
France: fleet/dislodged tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
tun move ion
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
ber support mun
bud support rum move ser
bul/ec hold
bur support ruh
con support bul/ec
gas support mar
gre move alb
hol support ruh
kie support nth move den
lvn move stp
gol move wes
mar support spa/sc
mos support lvn move stp
mun hold
nth move ska
pie move mar
ruh support kie
rum move ser
ser hold
sev move arm
sil support mun
spa/sc support mar
stp hold
swe move den
tri move alb
tun hold
tys move nap
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Russia: army/dislodged stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
stp move fin
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move arm
ber support mun
bud move gal
bul/ec move bla
bur support ruh move mun
con support bul/ec move bla
den hold
fin move swe
gre hold
hol support kie
kie support ruh move mun
mos support stp
mun hold
pie move mar
ruh move mun
ser hold
sev move arm
sil support mun
ska move swe
stp hold
tri move tyr
tun support nap move ion
ven support nap move rom
wes support tun move tys
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove fin
build Army vie
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank hold
ber support mun
bla move ank
bud move gal
bur support ruh
con support bla move ank
den move swe
gal move war
gas support mar
gre move aeg
hol support kie
kie support ruh
mar support spa/sc
mos move stp
pie move mar
ruh move mun
ser move gre
sev move mos
sil support mun
ska move swe
spa/sc support mar
stp move fin
tyr support mun
vie move boh
wes move mid
PHASE 1913 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet ank
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
arm hold
ber support mun move kie
boh support sil move mun
bur move mar
den move swe
fin support stp
gal move vie
gas move bre
hol support kie
ion move tys
kie support ruh
mar move spa
mos move sev
mun move kie
nwy support ska move swe
ruh support kie
sil move mun
ska move swe
spa/sc move por
stp hold
tyr support sil move mun
war move pru
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
remove arm
build Fleet edi
build Fleet rom
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber support mun move kie
boh support tyr move mun
con move aeg
edi move nth
fin support stp move nwy
gre move ser
hol support kie
ion hold
kie support ruh
mid hold
mun move kie
nap move tys
por move spa/sc
pru move lvn
ruh support kie
sev move mos
sil support tyr move mun
spa move gas
stp move nwy
swe move bot
tun support nap move tys
tyr move mun
vie move tyr
PHASE 1914 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Austria: army nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
France: fleet/dislodged tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
nwy move ska
tys move gol
PHASE 1914 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Austria: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bar support bot move stp
ber move kie
boh move mun
bot move stp/sc
bre move par
con move aeg
den move swe
fin support nwy move swe
gas move bur
hol support kie
ion move gre
kie support ruh
lvn support mos move stp
gol support spa/sc move wes
mid hold
mar support gas move bur
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nth support ska move nwy
nwy move swe
pie move mar
rom move tys
ruh support kie
ser move bud
sil support boh move mun
ska move nwy
spa/sc move por
tun move wes
tyr support boh move mun
tys move gol
vie move boh
PHASE 1914 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove nth
PHASE 1915 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bar support bot move stp
ber support mun move kie
boh support sil move mun
bot move stp/sc
bud move gal
bur support ruh
den hold
fin move nwy
gre hold
hol support kie
ion move tun
kie support ruh
lvn support mos move stp
gol move spa/sc
mid move gas
mar support gol move spa
mos move stp
mun move kie
par move bre
pie move mar
por support gol move spa
rom move tys
ruh support kie
sil move mun
swe support fin move nwy
tyr support sil move mun
tys move gol
vie hold
wes move mid
PHASE 1915 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Austria: army nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
nwy move ska
PHASE 1915 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Austria: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bar support bot move stp
ber support mun move kie
boh support sil move mun
bot move stp/sc
bur support mar
den hold
gal move war
gas move bre
hol support kie
ion move tys
lvn support mos move stp
gol support pie move mar
mid support gas move bre
mar support spa/sc
mos move stp
mun move kie
nwy support swe
pie move mar
por support spa/sc
ruh support kie
sil move mun
spa/sc hold
swe support nwy
tun move naf
tyr support sil move mun
tys move wes
PHASE 1915 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: army/dislodged bre
Italy: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Austria: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bre move par
PHASE 1915 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove par
build Fleet rom
build Army tri
remove wal
PHASE 1916 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move kie
boh support sil move mun
bre support naf move mid
bud move gal
bur support mar
den hold
gre hold
hol support kie
kie support ruh
lvn move stp
gol support pie move mar
mid move iri
mar support spa/sc
mos support lvn move stp
mun move ruh
naf move mid
nwy support swe
pie move mar
por support spa/sc
rom move tys
ruh support kie
sil move mun
spa/sc support mar
swe support nwy
tri hold
tyr support sil move mun
tys move tun
vie hold
war move lvn
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1916 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber support mun move kie
boh support sil move mun
bot move swe
bur support mar
den hold
gal move war
hol support kie
iri move lvp
kie support ruh
lvn support mos move stp
gol support wes move spa
mid support wes move spa
mar support spa/sc
mos move stp
mun move kie
nwy support swe
pie move mar
por support spa/sc
ruh support kie
sil move mun
ska support bot move swe
spa/sc support por move mid
stp move fin
swe support nwy
tun move naf
tyr support sil move mun
tys move wes
vie move gal
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1916 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
remove ska
PHASE 1917 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber support mun move kie
boh support sil move mun
bre move eng
bur support mar
den hold
fin move swe
hol support kie
kie support ruh
lvn support stp
lvp move cly
gol support pie move mar
mid support spa/sc move por
mar support bur
mun move kie
naf move wes
nap move tys
nwy support fin move swe
pie move mar
rom move tus
ruh support kie
sil move mun
spa/sc move por
swe move den
tyr support sil move mun
war move pru
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1917 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet cly
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
boh support mun
bur support mar
cly move edi
den hold
eng move lon
hol move bel
kie support ruh
lvn support stp
gol support pie move mar
mid move eng
mar support bur
nwy support swe
pie move mar
ruh support kie
spa/sc support pie move mar
tus move pie
tyr support mun
tys move wes
wes move mid
PHASE 1917 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
mar move gas
PHASE 1917 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet edi
Italy: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bar
remove bot
remove kie
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
PHASE 1918 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet edi
Italy: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel support ruh move hol
ber support mun move kie
boh move mun
bur move par
den move kie
edi move nth
eng move pic
gal move bud
gas move bre
gre move alb
gol move spa/sc
mid move eng
mun move kie
nap move tys
nwy move swe
por move spa/nc
rom move tus
ruh move hol
sil support boh move mun
spa/sc move por
swe move den
tyr support boh move mun
wes move mid
PHASE 1918 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Italy: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
France: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: army kie
France: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bel support hol
ber support kie
bre support par
bud move tri
den hold
eng support pic move bre
fin move swe
hol support bel
kie support swe move den
lon move nth
lvn move pru
gol hold
mid support pic move bre
mar move gas
mun move ruh
nth move hel
par support bre
pic move bre
pie move mar
pru move sil
sil move mun
swe move den
tri move tyr
tus move pie
tyr move boh
tys move wes
PHASE 1918 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Italy: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
Italy: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Italy: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
build Army vie
PHASE 1919 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Italy: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
Italy: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Italy: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb hold
bel support hol
ber move kie
boh move sil
bre support eng move pic
bud hold
eng move pic
gas support mar move bur
hel move nth
hol support bel
kie move hol
mid move eng
mar move bur
mun support mar move bur
nap move tys
nth move bel
par move bur
pie move mar
pru hold
rom support ven
ruh support kie move hol
sil move ber
swe support den
tri move tyr
tyr move boh
vie move tyr
wes move mid
PHASE 1919 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Italy: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
Italy: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Italy: fleet hel
Austria: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: fleet pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
alb hold
bel move pic
bre support par move gas
bur move par
eng move bel
gas support bur move par
hel move hol
hol hold
kie support hol
gol move spa/sc
mid move eng
mar support gol move pie
nth support eng move bel
par support bel move pic
pic support eng move bel
por move mid
rom move tus
ruh support hol
spa/sc move por
tys move wes
PHASE 1919 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Italy: supply ank
France: army/dislodged bel
Italy: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
Italy: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Italy: fleet hel
Austria: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Italy: army par
France: supply par
Italy: fleet pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel disband
PHASE 1919 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Italy: supply ank
Italy: fleet bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
Italy: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Italy: fleet hel
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
PHASE 1920 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Italy: supply ank
Italy: fleet bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
Italy: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Italy: fleet hel
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move gre
bud move rum
gas move bur
kie support hol
mar support gas move bur
par support gas move bur
pic support bel
rom move tus
ruh support hol
swe support den
tus move pie
PHASE 1920 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: fleet bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
Italy: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: fleet hel
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move hol
ber hold
boh move vie
bre move pic
bur move ruh
den hold
gre move aeg
hel support bel move hol
hol hold
kie hold
mun hold
nth support bel move hol
par move bur
pic move bel
pru move sil
ruh hold
rum move bul
sil move boh
stp hold
swe support den
tri move ser
vie move tri
PHASE 1920 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
Italy: fleet bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
Italy: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Italy: fleet hel
Italy: fleet hol
Italy: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
PHASE 1921 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
Italy: fleet bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
Italy: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Italy: fleet hel
Italy: fleet hol
Italy: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg hold
ber support kie
boh support mun
bud move vie
bul hold
den support kie
hel support hol
kie support den
mun support kie
par support bur
ruh support kie
ser move gre
sil support mun
swe support den
tri hold
vie hold
PHASE 1921 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
Italy: fleet bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
Italy: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: fleet hel
Italy: fleet hol
Italy: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber support kie
hel support hol
mar support bur
swe support den
PHASE 1921 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
Italy: fleet bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
Italy: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: fleet hel
Italy: fleet hol
Italy: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
