PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
par move pic
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move bla
bot move swe
bul move rum
con move bul
gal support ukr move rum
kie move hol
mid move spa/sc
nth convoy yor move bel
nrg move nwy
pic move bel
ruh move bel
sev move bla
spa move por
ukr move rum
yor move bel
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move bla
bul move ser
con move bul
gal move bud
lon move eng
mar move pie
nth convoy yor move bel
nwy move ska
par hold
pic support yor move bel
por move spa
rum support gal move bud
sev move bla
smy move aeg
spa/sc move wes
stp/nc move nwy
swe support stp/nc move nwy
war move sil
yor move bel via convoy
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
ank move bla
bel support nth move hol
bud support rum move ser
bul move rum
nth move hol
nwy hold
par move bre
pie move tus
rum move ser
ser support bul move rum
sev move rum
sil move ber
ska hold
spa move tun via convoy
swe support nwy
wes convoy spa move tun
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Germany: army/dislodged hol
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Turkey: army/dislodged ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: fleet tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ser move alb
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
build Fleet edi
build Army mar
build Army mos
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army war
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb support bul move ser
bel move hol
bla move rum
bre support pic
bud support ser
bul move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
eng move bel
gre move ion
hol move hel
mar move pie
mos move sev
nwy move ska
pic support bre
ruh move kie
ser support sev move rum
ska move nwy
stp/nc move nwy
swe support nwy move ska
war move gal
wes move tys
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb support bul move ser
ber move kie
bre move pic
bud move rum
bul move ser
con move bul
gal support bud move rum
hel support hol move kie
hol move kie
ion move adr
mos move sev
nth move nwy
nwy move nth
pic move bur
rum hold
ser move bul
sev move bla
ska move den
swe support ska move den
tun move rom via convoy
tys convoy tun move rom
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: army kie
Germany: army/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Russia: army/dislodged ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
den move bal
kie move mun
ser move gre
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
remove bal
build Fleet edi
build Fleet lon
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army war
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr hold
alb move gre
ank hold
bel hold
ber support den move kie
bla support gre move bul
bul move con
bur move ruh
den move kie
edi move nrg
gal move bud
gre move bul
hel move den
kie support hel move den
nth support hel move den
nwy move nth
pic move bur
pie move tyr
rum move ser
ser support alb move gre
sev move arm
stp/nc move bar
swe move den
tun move rom
tus support tun move rom
tys convoy tun move rom
war move sil
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: army/dislodged kie
Russia: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
Italy: army/dislodged rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
kie move hol
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
ank support bla move con
arm move ank
bar move nrg
bel hold
ber support sil move mun
bla support arm move ank
bud support rum move ser
bul move con
bur move mun
con support ank
gre support ser
hel support nth move den
hol move kie
kie move den
lon move nth
nth move den
nwy support bar move nrg
rom support tys move nap
ruh support hol move kie
rum move ser
ser support adr move tri
sil move mun
swe move ska
tyr support bur move mun
tys move nap
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: army kie
Russia: fleet/dislodged kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: fleet/dislodged nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
England: fleet/dislodged nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
kie move bal
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
build Army lon
build Army mar
build Army par
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
ank support bla move con
bal move swe
bel move eng
ber support sil move mun
bla move con
bud support rum move ser
bul move gre
bur move mun
con move bul
den support hel move kie
edi move nth
gre support con move bul
hel move kie
kie move ber
mar move pie
nap move ion
nth move ska
nrg move nth
nwy support nrg move nth
par move bur
rom move ven
ruh support bur move mun
rum move ser
ser support con move bul
sil move mun
ska support nrg move nth
tus move tys
tyr support rom move ven
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Russia: army/dislodged bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Turkey: army/dislodged ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bul move rum
mun disband
nth move hol
ser move alb
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
alb support gre move ser
ank move smy
ber move kie
bud support ser
bul support gre move ser
bur move mun
con support rum move bul
den support edi move nth
edi move nth
eng convoy lon move bre
gre move ser
hel support edi move nth
hol support edi move nth
lon move bre via convoy
mun move boh
nap support tys move ion
nth move hel
nwy move nrg
pie move ven
ruh support bur move mun
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sil move mun
ska support swe move den
swe move den
tyr support ven move tri
tys move ion
ven move tri
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: army boh
England: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
England: fleet/dislodged den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
den move bal
nth move bel
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove adr
remove alb
remove bal
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
build Army par
build Army sev
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army war
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move hol
ber move kie
boh move vie
bre hold
bud support vie
con move aeg
den support ska move nth
eng move mid
gre move alb
hel move nth
hol support hel move nth
ion move aeg
mar move spa/sc
mos move ukr
mun support ber move kie
nap move ion
nth move edi
nrg move edi
par move bre
ruh support mun
ser move tri
sev move rum
sil move boh
ska move nth
stp/nc move nwy
tri support boh move vie
tyr support boh move vie
ven support tri
war move gal
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nth move eng
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move hol
boh move vie
bud support rum move ser
bul support ser move gre
con move aeg
den support kie
eng move mid
gal move boh
hel move nth
hol support hel move nth
ion move aeg
kie support bel move hol
mid move por
mun support ruh move kie
nap move ion
nth move edi
nrg support nth move edi
nwy move nth
ruh move kie
rum move ser
ser move gre
sil support gal move boh
smy hold
spa/sc move mid
tri support boh move vie
tyr support boh move vie
ukr move gal
ven support tri
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
