PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mos move sev
mun hold
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move tus
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven hold
vie move bud
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
bla move ank
bot move swe
bud move rum
bul move gre
con move bul
ion move tun
kie move den
mid move por
mar move spa
nth convoy yor move den
nrg move nwy
pic move bel
ser support bud move rum
sev move rum
tus hold
ukr support sev move rum
ven hold
yor move den via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
build Fleet bre
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Fleet tri
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
ber move bal
bla support sev move arm
bre move eng
bud support ukr move rum
bul move gre
con move bul
hol move hel
kie move hol
lon move eng
mar move gol
nap move apu
nth move hol
nwy hold
par move pic
por move mid
ser support alb move gre
sev move arm
smy move aeg
spa move mar
swe move den
tun move ion
tus support ven
ukr move rum
ven support tus
war move gal
yor hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support bul
apu move adr
arm move ank
bal move swe
bel move ruh
bla support arm move ank
bre move eng
bud move tri
con support ank
den move swe
gal move rum
hel support kie move den
ion move alb
kie move den
lon move nth
gol hold
mid support bre move eng
mar move bur
nth move hol
nwy move swe
pic move bel
rum move bul
ser support gre
tri move adr
tus move ven
ven move tyr
yor move lon
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Russia: fleet/dislodged den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
den move ska
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
build Fleet stp/sc
build Army vie
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb support ven move tri
apu move adr
arm move smy
bla support rum move bul
bud move tri
bur move mun
edi move nrg
eng support bel
gal move rum
gre move ion
hol move kie
lon move hol via convoy
nth convoy lon move hol
nwy move swe
ruh support bur move mun
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
ska move swe
stp/sc move bot
tri move adr
tyr support ven move tri
ven move tri
vie move tyr
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support con
alb support tri
ank support con
apu move nap
bla support bul move con
bot move stp/sc
bud move tri
bul move con
con support ank
eng hold
hol hold
ion move alb
kie hold
gol move tys
mid move wes
mun move ber
nth move ska
nrg move bar
nwy move swe
ruh move mun
rum support ser move bul
ser support bud move tri
ska move swe
smy support bul move con
tyr support tri
vie support bud move tri
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
tri move ven
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove ank
build Army bud
build Fleet lon
build Army mar
build Army mos
build Army par
build Army war
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support con move smy
alb move gre
bar move stp/nc
ber move sil
bla move con
bud support tri
bul support bla move con
con move smy
hol hold
ion move adr
kie support nth move den
lon move nth
mar move pie
mos move stp
mun support ber move sil
nap move ion
nth move den
nwy support bar
par move bur
rum support bul
ser move alb
ska move swe
smy support bla move con
stp/sc move bot
tri support vie move tyr
tyr support ven
tys support ion move nap
ven support tyr
vie move tyr
war move sil
wes move tun
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Russia: army/dislodged smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
smy move ank
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr convoy alb move apu
aeg support smy
alb move apu via convoy
ank support con move smy
bar move stp/nc
bel move ruh
bot support swe
bud move gal
bul support alb move gre
bur hold
con move smy
den move swe
eng move bel
gre hold
hol move kie
ion move nap
kie move bal
mos move stp
mun support sil move boh
nth move nwy
nwy support den move swe
pie support tri move ven
rum move gal
sil move boh
swe hold
tri move ven
tyr move ven
tys move rom
ven move rom
vie move tyr
war hold
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ven move tus
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army lon
build Fleet mar
remove smy
build Fleet stp/nc
remove tyr
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg move smy
ank move smy
apu move nap
bal move swe
bar move stp/nc
bel move eng
boh move gal
bot support mos move stp
bud move ser
bul move gre
bur move mar
con support ank move smy
den support bal move swe
gre move ion
kie move ber
lon move hol via convoy
mar move gol
mos move stp
mun move sil
nap support tus move rom
nth convoy lon move hol
nwy support bal move swe
pie move tus
ruh move mun
rum move gal
stp/nc move nwy
swe support stp/nc move nwy
tus move rom
tys move rom
ven support tys move rom
war support rum move gal
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: army ber
France: supply ber
France: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
swe move ska
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: army ber
France: supply ber
France: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move con
apu move nap
bar move stp/nc
ber move pru
boh move gal
bot support ska move swe
con move aeg
den hold
eng move mid
gal support war move sil
gre hold
hol move kie
ion move tun
gol move tys
mos support stp/nc
mun move boh
nap support tus move rom
nth move ska
nwy hold
pie move tus
rom support apu move nap
ser move rum
sil support boh move gal
ska move swe
smy hold
stp/nc hold
swe hold
tun support gol move tys
tus move rom
ven move tus
vie move bud
war move sil
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
England: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
swe move bal
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove aeg
remove ion
build Army par
build Army sev
remove tus
build Army vie
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
apu move nap
bal convoy kie move lvn
bar move stp/nc
boh move gal
bot support stp/nc
bud move ser
con move bla
den support nwy move swe
gal move rum
gre move ser
kie move lvn via convoy
mid move wes
mar move pie
mos support war
mun move tyr
nap move rom
nwy move swe
par move bur
pie move tus
pru move war
rom support pie move tus
rum move ukr
sev support gal move rum
sil support pru move war
ska support nwy move swe
smy move con
stp/nc support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tun move ion
tys support tun move ion
ven move tri
vie move bud
war support sil move pru
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
swe move fin
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
France: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move alb
apu move nap
bal support swe move bot
bar move stp/nc
bla support rum
bot move lvn
bud move rum
bur move mun
con move bul
den support ska move swe
fin support stp/nc
gal move boh
gre move ser
ion move adr
lvn support bar move stp
mos support war
nap move rom
pie support tyr move ven
pru move war
rom support tys move nap
rum support gre move ser
sev support mos
sil support gal move boh
ska move swe
swe move bot
tri move ser
tus support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
tys move nap
ukr support bud move rum
vie move bud
war support bot move lvn
wes move tun
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: fleet/dislodged nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army ukr
France: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nap disband
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove alb
remove apu
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
build Army par
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move alb
bla move con
boh move gal
bud move gal
bul move ser
fin support stp/nc
gre support bul move ser
mar move gol
mos move lvn
mun move tyr
nap move apu
par move bur
pie support mun move tyr
rom move nap
rum support bul move ser
sev support rum
sil support pru move war
stp/nc hold
tri move ser
tun move ion
ukr support sil move war
ven support mun move tyr
vie move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bal move bot
bar move stp/nc
bot support swe move fin
bud support tri move ser
con move aeg
den move swe
fin support mos move stp
gre support ser
lon move nth
lvn support bar move stp
mos move stp
pru move war
rum move bud
ser support rum move bud
sev move mos
stp/nc move nwy
swe move fin
tri move ser
ukr move rum
war move lvn
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bot
build Army stp
remove ukr
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre
alb support ven move tri
apu move adr
bal move bot
bar support fin move stp
boh move vie
bud move ser
bur move mun
fin move stp/sc
gre support ser
ion move eas
lvn move war
gol move tys
mos support stp
nap move ion
nth move nwy
nwy support stp
pie move ven
pru support lvn move war
rum move bud
ser support rum move bud
sev move ukr
sil support pru move war
stp support nwy
swe support nth move nwy
tri support bud move ser
tus move rom
tyr support ven move tri
ven move tri
vie move gal
war move lvn
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
Russia: fleet/dislodged nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
France: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nwy move nrg
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
France: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
alb support rom move gre
bot support bar move stp
bud move tri
eas move aeg
fin support bar move stp
gre hold
ion convoy rom move gre
mos move lvn
mun move boh
nrg move edi
nwy hold
pru support war
rom move gre
ser support gre
sil support war
stp support mos move lvn
swe hold
tri move bud
tyr support ven move tri
tys convoy rom move gre
ukr move rum
ven move tri
vie support tri move bud
war hold
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
remove gal
build Army lvp
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
build Army par
build Fleet sev
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tyr move tri
aeg support rom move gre
alb support rom move gre
bar support fin move stp
boh move gal
bot support war move lvn
bre move eng
bud support tri move ser
edi move nth
fin move stp/sc
gre move bul
ion convoy rom move gre
lvn move war
lvp move edi
mar move gol
mos support lvn move war
nwy move nth
par move bur
pru support war move lvn
rom move gre
rum support ser move bud
ser move bud
sev move bla
sil move boh
smy move con
stp move lvn
swe move nwy
tri move ser
tyr move tri
tys convoy rom move gre
vie support boh move gal
war move lvn
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
France: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gal
France: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
France: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
alb move gre
bar support stp/sc
bla support bul
boh move gal
bot support stp/sc
bud move ser
bul support bud move ser
bur move mun
con move smy
edi hold
eng move nth
gal move ukr
gre move bul
ion move eas
lvn move mos
lvp move edi
gol move wes
mos move war
nwy move nth
pru move war
rum support bud move ser
ser support gre move bul
stp/sc hold
swe move nwy
tri move bud
tys move ion
vie support tri move bud
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gal
France: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
France: army/dislodged ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ser move tri
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: fleet con
France: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gal
France: army gre
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Fleet lon
build Army mar
build Army par
build Army sev
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: fleet con
France: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gal
France: army gre
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move ion
bla support smy move con
bot support stp/sc
bre move eng
bud support tri move ser
bul support ser move gre
con move ank
eas support ion move aeg
edi hold
eng move iri
gal move rum
gre move bul
ion move aeg
lon move nth
lvn move mos
lvp move edi
mar move pie
mos support sev move ukr
mun move boh
nwy move nrg
par move bur
pru move war
rum move bud
ser move gre
sev move ukr
smy move con
stp/sc hold
swe move bal
tri move ser
ukr support gal move rum
vie move gal
wes move mid
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
France: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
France: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gal
Russia: army gre
France: army/dislodged gre
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
France: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
gre move alb
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
France: army alb
France: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
France: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gal
Russia: army gre
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
France: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
adr move alb
aeg move smy
alb move gre
bal move den
bla move ank
boh move gal
bot move swe
bud support gal move rum
bul support gre move ser
bur move mun
con support bla move ank
eas support aeg move smy
edi move yor
eng move iri
gal move rum
gre move ser
ion support alb move gre
iri move nat
lvn move mos
lvp support nrg move edi
mos hold
nth support lvp move edi
nrg move edi
pie move tyr
rum support gre move ser
ser move bul
sev support mos
stp/sc hold
ukr support gal move rum
vie move tri
war support lvn move mos
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
France: fleet/dislodged ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
France: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
France: army gal
France: army gre
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
ank move arm
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet arm
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: army gal
France: army gre
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army rum
France: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
