PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move rum
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move ven
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move ven
ven move tyr
vie move gal
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move con
bot move swe
bul move gre
bur support yor move bel
con move bul
den hold
gal move war
ion move tun
kie move hol
mid move por
nth convoy yor move bel
nrg move nwy
rom move ven
ruh move mun
rum move ser
sev move rum
spa hold
stp move fin
tri move ven
tyr move vie
ukr support sev move rum
yor move bel via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
build Army ber
build Army bud
build Fleet edi
build Fleet kie
build Army lon
build Fleet mar
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army ven
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
bel support bur move ruh
ber move mun
bul move ser
bur move ruh
con move aeg
den move nth
edi move nth
fin move swe
gre support bul move ser
hol support mun move ruh
kie support hol
lon hold
mar move gol
mun move ruh
nap move tys
nth move hel
nwy move ska
par move bur
por move spa/sc
rom move tus
smy move eas
spa move mar
stp/nc support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tun move wes
ukr move mos
ven move tri
vie support ven move tri
war move mos
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: fleet/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bel move hol
ber move mun
bur move ruh
con move aeg
den hold
eas support aeg move ion
edi move nth
gre support ser
hel support ska move den
hol support mun move ruh
kie support hol
lon move yor
gol support mar move pie
mar move pie
mun move ruh
nwy hold
par move bur
rum hold
ser hold
ska move den
spa/sc move wes
stp/nc move bar
swe support den
tri support vie move bud
tus move pie
tys move gol
ukr move war
vie move bud
war move mos
wes move mid
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
bud move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army con
remove gal
build Fleet nap
build Army stp
build Army ven
remove yor
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
bar move nrg
bel support bur move ruh
ber move mun
bud support ven move tri
bur move ruh
con move bul
den support nwy move ska
eas move ion
gre support ser
hel support ska move den
hol support mun move ruh
ion move tun
kie support hol
gol support mar move pie
mid move por
mar move pie
mun move ruh
nap move ion
nth support ska move den
nwy move nth
par move pic
rum move sev
ser hold
ska move den
stp move mos
swe support den
tri move alb
tus move pie
tys move tun
ven move tri
war support stp move mos
wes support ion move tun
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Austria: army/dislodged mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support ion
alb move ser
bel move hol
ber move mun
bud support alb move ser
bul support ser
bur move bel
den support nwy move nth
gre move alb
hel support bel move hol
hol support mun move ruh
ion support gre move alb
kie support hol
gol move tus
mun move ruh
nap support tys move ion
nth support bel move hol
nrg move cly
nwy hold
pic support bur move bel
pie move ven
ser support gre move alb
sev move rum
ska move nwy
swe support nwy
tri support alb move ser
tun support wes move tys
tus move ven
tys move ion
war move gal
wes move tys
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Turkey: army/dislodged ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: fleet tys
Italy: fleet/dislodged tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ser move gre
tys disband
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet rom
build Fleet stp/nc
build Fleet ven
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: fleet tys
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb support gre move ser
bel support ruh move hol
bud support ser
bul support gre move ser
cly move lvp
den move nth
gal move rum
gre move ser
hel support hol move kie
hol move kie
ion move apu
kie move den
gol move wes
mos move ukr
mun move kie
nap support rom move tys
nth support ska move den
nwy support den move nth
pic hold
pie move tyr
por move spa/sc
rom move tys
ruh move hol
rum move sev
ska move den
stp/nc move bar
swe support kie move den
tri support ser
tun move ion
tus move ven
tys move wes
ven move adr
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
France: fleet/dislodged tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nth move lon
tys move tun
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move alb
aeg support ion
alb support gre move ser
apu support ion move nap
bar move nrg
bel hold
bud move vie
bul support gre move ser
den move kie
gre move ser
hel move kie
hol support den move kie
ion move nap
kie move ber
lon hold
gol hold
mun support den move kie
nap move apu
nth move edi
nwy move ska
pic support bel
rum move bul
sev move bla
ska move den
spa/sc move mar
swe move den
tri support ser
tun hold
tyr move ven
tys move ion
ukr move sev
ven move tyr
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: fleet/dislodged nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nap move rom
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove ber
remove ska
build Army war
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move alb
aeg move con
alb support gre move ser
apu move adr
bel move bur
bla convoy rum move ank
bul move rum
edi move nth
gre move ser
hel move den
hol move kie
ion move gre
kie move den
lon hold
lvp move wal
gol support tyr move pie
mar move spa/sc
mun move kie
nap move ion
nrg support nwy move nth
nwy move nth
pic hold
rom move nap
rum move ank via convoy
sev move arm
swe move nwy
tri support adr move alb
tyr move pie
ven support vie move tyr
vie move tyr
war move gal
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
alb move ion
ank support arm move smy
arm move smy
bla move sev
bur move mar
con move bla
edi hold
gal move rum
gre move bul
hel move nth
hol move kie
ion move nap
kie move den
lon hold
gol support bur move mar
mun move kie
nap support adr move ion
nth convoy nwy move lon
nrg move nwy
nwy move lon via convoy
pic move bel
pie move tus
rom support ion move nap
rum move sev
ser move bul
tri move bud
tun hold
tyr move pie
ven move tri
wal support nwy move lon
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Russia: army lon
England: fleet/dislodged lon
England: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Turkey: fleet/dislodged nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
lon disband
nap move apu
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Russia: army lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove adr
build Army kie
build Army sev
build Army ven
build Army war
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Russia: army lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move con
apu move nap
bel hold
bla support sev move rum
bud move rum
con move smy
gal move ukr
gre move bul
hel move kie
lon move wal
gol move spa/sc
mar support tus move pie
nap move ion
nth move eng
nwy support edi move nth
pie move mar
rom move tus
rum move sev
ser support alb move gre
sev move rum
smy support ank move con
spa/sc support pie move mar
tun move tys
tus move pie
ven support rom move tus
wal move iri
war move gal
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army con
Turkey: fleet/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
Italy: army/dislodged pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
con move aeg
pie move tyr
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
bel hold
bla move con
bul support aeg move con
con move ank
den move kie
edi move nth
eng support iri move mid
gal move boh
gre support ser move bul
hel move nth
hol move kie
ion move tun
iri move mid
kie move ber
gol support mar move spa
mar move spa
mun move tyr
nwy move swe
pie support mun move tyr
rum support ukr move gal
ser move bul
smy support bla move con
tri move alb
tus move rom
tyr move pie
tys move tun
ukr move gal
ven support tus move rom
wal hold
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Russia: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army/dislodged tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
spa/sc move por
tyr move vie
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Russia: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove aeg
build Fleet bre
remove hel
build Army mun
build Fleet sev
build Army war
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Russia: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move con
bel hold
ber move mun
boh support tyr move vie
bre hold
bud move tri
con move smy
den hold
edi move nth
eng support hol move bel
gal move bud
gre move ion
hol move bel
ion move nap
gol move tys
mid support spa move por
mun move bur
nap support tys move rom
pie move tus
rom support ion move nap
rum support gal move bud
sev move bla
smy move ank
spa move por
swe move nwy
tyr move vie
tys move tun
ven support vie move tyr
vie move tyr
wal move yor
war move gal
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
France: army/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Turkey: fleet/dislodged nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
Italy: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
bel move pic
nap move apu
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Germany: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
Italy: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
ank move smy
apu move adr
bel hold
bla support con move bul
boh support gal move vie
bre support pic
bud support rum move ser
bur move mar
con move bul
den hold
eng move bre
gal move vie
gre support bul
ion support nap
mid support eng move bre
mun move sil
nth support bel
pic support bre
por hold
rum move ser
smy move eas
tri support vie move bud
tun hold
tus support tys move rom
tyr move mun
tys move rom
ven support rom
vie move bud
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Russia: army/dislodged bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
Italy: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
bud move rum
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
remove adr
build Army ber
remove bud
build Army kie
build Fleet sev
build Fleet stp/nc
remove tus
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
bel move pic
ber hold
bla move con
boh support mun move tyr
bre support pic
bul move ser
den support nth
eas move aeg
eng move bre
gre support bul move ser
ion support nap move tys
kie move ruh
mid support eng move bre
mar move gas
mun move bur
nap move tys
nth hold
nwy move swe
pic support bre
por move spa
rom support nap move tys
rum support con move bul
ser move tri
sev move bla
sil move mun
stp/nc move nwy
tri support ven move tyr
tun hold
tys move gol
ven move tyr
vie support ser move tri
yor hold
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Russia: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
tri move bud
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Russia: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
aeg convoy smy move gre
bel move pic
ber move kie
bla move con
boh move vie
bud support tyr move vie
bur support gas move par
con move bul
den hold
gas move par
ion support tys move tun
gol move mar
mid move por
mun move tyr
nth support den
pic move par
ruh move mun
rum support con move bul
sev move bla
smy move gre via convoy
spa move por
tri move ven
tun hold
tyr move vie
tys move tun
vie move tri
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
France: fleet/dislodged tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
tun move wes
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bre
Russia: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
remove pic
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army war
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bre
Russia: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bel hold
bla support rum
boh support war move gal
bud move tri
bul move ser
bur support par move gas
con move bul/sc
den hold
gre move bul
ion move adr
kie move mun
mar support wes move spa
mun move tyr
nth support den
nwy move nrg
par move gas
rom hold
rum support war move gal
ser support gre move bul
smy move con
spa move por
stp/nc move nwy
swe support stp/nc move nwy
tri support bul move ser
tyr move pie
ven move pie
vie support bud move tri
war move gal
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bre
Russia: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Russia: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Russia: army/dislodged tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
tri move alb
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bre
Russia: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Russia: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ven
alb support ven move tri
bel move edi via convoy
bla move bul/ec
boh move vie
bul move rum
bur move mar
con move aeg
den support nth
gal move bud
gas support bur move mar
gre support bla move bul
kie move ber
mid move wes
mar support spa/sc
mun hold
nth convoy bel move edi
por support spa/sc
rum support gal move bud
ser support bul move rum
smy move con
spa/sc support mar
tri support adr move ven
tun move wes
tyr move pie
ven move tri
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bre
Russia: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Germany: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army gas
Russia: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet ven
Russia: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
rum move sev
tri move tyr
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bre
Russia: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Germany: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army gas
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
build Army war
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bre
Russia: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Germany: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army gas
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move ser
ber support mun
boh support tri move vie
bre move eng
bud support tri move vie
bul/ec move bla
bur move mar
con move bul
den support nth
edi hold
gas move spa
gre support aeg move ion
mid convoy por move bre
mar support spa/sc
nth hold
nrg move nth
nwy support nrg move nth
pie support bur move mar
por move bre via convoy
rom move tys
rum move ukr
ser move bud
sev move rum
spa/sc support mar
swe move den
tri move vie
tun move wes
tyr move tri
ven support tyr move tri
vie support ser move bud
war move gal
yor move lvp
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
Russia: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
France: fleet/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Germany: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Italy: army/dislodged vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
mar move gol
nth move lon
vie move tyr
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
Russia: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Russia: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move tri
ber move pru
bla move con
boh move tyr
bre hold
bud support alb move tri
bul move ser
den hold
edi hold
eng move bel
gal move sil
gas move par
gre hold
ion move nap
lon hold
lvp move edi
gol move spa/sc
mid move eng
mun support tyr
nth move hol
nwy move nth
pie support mar
rum support bul move ser
ser move bud
spa/sc move por
swe move den
tri support tyr move vie
tyr move vie
tys move nap
ukr move mos
ven move adr
vie support alb move tri
wes move tun
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bel
Russia: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army war
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bel
Russia: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tun move ion
alb move apu via convoy
bel support nth
boh move tyr
bre hold
bud support ser move tri
con move aeg
den move kie
edi move lvp
eng move lon
gre support ion
hol move kie
ion convoy alb move apu
lon move nth
lvp hold
mar move bur
mos move sev
mun move ber
nth support eng move lon
par hold
pie move mar
por move mid
pru move lvn
rum move sev
ser move tri
sil move ber
spa/sc hold
swe move den
tri move vie
tun move ion
tyr support tri move vie
tys move nap
vie support ser move tri
war move mos
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army apu
Russia: fleet bel
Russia: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Germany: fleet/dislodged lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
lon move wal
tri move ven
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army apu
Russia: fleet bel
Russia: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move apu
aeg move ion
apu support ion move nap
boh move mun
bre hold
bud support tri
bur support mun
den hold
edi support wal move lvp
gre support aeg move ion
ion move nap
lvn move stp
lvp move edi
mid hold
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun hold
nap move rom
nth support lvp move edi
par hold
rum move sev
sil support war
spa/sc hold
swe move den
tri hold
tun move ion
tyr move tri
ven support tyr move tri
vie support tri
wal move lvp
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army apu
Russia: fleet bel
Russia: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Russia: army edi
Germany: army/dislodged edi
Germany: supply edi
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
edi move cly
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army apu
Russia: fleet bel
Russia: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Germany: army cly
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nap
Russia: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
