PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move mun
bre hold
bud move ser
con move bul
kie move den
mar move spa
mos move lvn
mun move ruh
par move pic
rom move apu
sev move bla
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
tri hold
ven move pie
vie support tri
war hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
apu move ven
arm move sev
bot convoy lvn move swe
bre move mid
bul move rum
den move ska
lvn move swe via convoy
mun move bur
nap move ion
pic move bel
pie move mar
ruh move hol
ser hold
sev hold
spa move por
tri move alb
vie move bud
war hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army con
build Fleet kie
build Army mos
build Army par
build Army rom
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
arm move sev
bel move ruh
bla support arm move sev
bot move swe
bud move rum
bur support hol move bel
con move bul
hol move bel
ion move tun
kie move den
mid move wes
mar move spa
mos support sev
par move gas
por move spa
rom move ven
rum support arm move sev
ser move bul
sev hold
ska move nwy
swe move nwy
tri support bud
ven move pie
war move ukr
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move sev
bel move hol
bla support con move bul
bot move swe
bud move rum
bur move par
con move bul
den move kie
gas move spa
mar move spa
mos support sev
pie move mar
ruh move mun
rum move bud
ser support bud move rum
sev hold
ska move nth
swe move nwy
ukr support bud move rum
ven move pie
wes move mid
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Turkey: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
rum move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move ank
bla support gal move rum
bul support gal move rum
gal move rum
gre support ser move bul
hol move bel
kie move ber
mid move wes
mar move gas via convoy
mos support sev
mun move bur
nth move eng
nwy hold
par hold
pie move mar
por move spa
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev hold
swe hold
tun move wes
ukr hold
ven move tyr
war hold
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bul move con
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move rum via convoy
bel hold
ber move kie
bla convoy ank move rum
bud move rum
bul support bud move rum
bur support gas move par
con move bul
eng move bre
gas move par
mar move gas
mos move sev
par support mar move gas
pie support mar move tyr
rum support con move bul
sev move bla
spa move mar
swe move den
tun move wes
ukr support bud move rum
vie move bud
war move pru
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
Germany: army/dislodged par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Turkey: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
par move pic
rum move ser
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move con
bel move bur
ber move mun
bla support con move bul
bre support pic
bud move ser
bul hold
bur support par move pic
con move bul
den hold
gas move spa
gre support bul
kie hold
mar move gas
mos support sev
nwy hold
par move pic
pic support bel move bur
pie move mar
pru support war move sil
rum support bul
ser support con move bul
sev hold
tri support bud move ser
tyr support pie
ukr move war
vie support tri
war move sil
wes move gol
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: army/dislodged ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ser move alb
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
bel move bur
bla support con move bul
bre support pic
bul hold
bur move mar
con move bul
den move kie
gas support bur move mar
gre support bul
gol support mar
mid move bre
mar support spa
mos support sev
mun support bel move bur
nwy hold
par support mid move bre
pic support bre
pru move ber
rum support bul
ser support tri move alb
sev hold
sil support pru move ber
spa hold
tri move alb
tyr move pie
vie hold
war hold
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bur move ruh
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove gas
build Army rom
remove ruh
build Fleet stp/sc
build Army ven
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move ser
ank move smy
ber move kie
bla support con
bud move gal
bul hold
bur support mun
con hold
den support ber move kie
gre move aeg
gol move wes
mid support par move bre
mos support sev
mun support kie
nwy hold
par move bre
pic move bel
rom move ven
rum support bul
ser move tri
sev hold
sil move mun
spa move por
stp/sc move bot
ven move tyr
vie move boh
war hold
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
Germany: fleet/dislodged bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Germany: fleet/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bre move pic
kie move hol
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support bul
bel move ruh
bla support con
boh move sil
bot move bal
bre hold
bul hold
bur move par
con hold
den support kie
gal support boh move sil
hol move kie
kie hold
mid move eng
mun support hol move kie
nwy hold
pic move bre
pie support tyr
rum hold
ser support rum
sev hold
sil support war
smy support con
tri hold
tyr support mun
war hold
wes move mid
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: army/dislodged sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
sil move ber
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove eng
remove pic
build Army rom
build Army stp
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bal support ber
ber hold
bla support sev move rum
bre move pic
con hold
den support kie
hol support ruh move kie
kie hold
mid move eng
mar move gas
mos support war
mun move ber
nwy hold
par move bre
pie move mar
por move spa
rom move ven
ruh move kie
sev move rum
smy support con
stp move lvn
ven move pie
war hold
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bal support ber
bla support rum
bre hold
con hold
den support kie
gas move bur
hol support ruh move kie
lvn support war
mar hold
mos move sev
mun support ruh move kie
pic move par
pie hold
ruh move kie
smy support con
spa move gas
tyr hold
ven hold
war hold
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army mos
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bal support ber move kie
ber move kie
bla support con move bul
bre move par
con move bul
den support ber move kie
eng support bre
gas support bre
hol move hel
kie move ber
lvn move mos
mos move ukr
mun support kie move ber
nwy hold
par hold
rum support sev
sev hold
smy support con
war hold
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: army/dislodged bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Germany: army/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
kie move hol
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support ser move bul
bal support kie
bla move con
bre move par
bul move gre
bur move pic
den support kie
eng support bre
gal move bud
gas move bur
hel support hol move kie
hol move kie
kie hold
mar move pie
mos move ukr
mun move boh
nwy hold
par hold
pie move ven
rum hold
ser move bul
sev hold
sil move ber
smy hold
tri support ser
tyr support ven
ukr move gal
ven move tri
war support ukr move gal
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
build Army vie
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
ank move bla
bal move ber
ber support hol move kie
boh move mun
bre move par
bud move rum
bul support aeg move gre
con move bul/ec
den hold
gal hold
gre move ser
hel support hol move kie
hol move kie
kie support bal move ber
par move gas
pic move lon via convoy
rum hold
sev support rum
smy move con
tri move ser
ukr support gal
vie support bud
war support gal
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Russia: army/dislodged kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
kie move ruh
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul
bal move kie
ber move pru
bla move bul/ec
bud hold
bul hold
bur move mar
con support bla move bul
den support bal move kie
gal hold
gas hold
gre move ser
hel support kie move den
kie move den
mar move pie
mun support kie
nwy hold
par move pic
pic move lon via convoy
pie move ven
ruh support bal move kie
sev hold
smy hold
tri move ser
tyr move boh
ukr support rum
ven move tyr
vie support bud
war support gal
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Russia: fleet/dislodged den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
den move ska
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove gas
remove ukr
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul
bla move bul/ec
boh move sil
bud hold
bul hold
con support bla move bul
den support mun move kie
gal support rum
gre support bla move bul
hel support mun move kie
kie hold
mun move kie
par move bur
pic move lon via convoy
pie move ven
pru move lvn
ruh support kie
rum hold
sev support rum
ska move den
smy hold
tri move ser
tyr move boh
ven move tyr
vie support bud
war move pru
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
boh move sil
bud support ser
bul/ec hold
bur move bel
con move aeg
den move hol via convoy
eng convoy pic move lon
gal move war
gre hold
hel convoy den move hol
kie move ber
lvn move stp
mun move ber
nwy hold
pic move lon via convoy
pru move lvn
ruh move kie
rum move sev
ser support aeg move gre
sev move mos
sil move war
smy move con
tyr move boh
vie support bud
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army/dislodged gre
Austria: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gre move alb
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove ruh
build Army tri
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support alb move gre
alb move gre
bel move ruh
boh move sil
bud move rum
bul/ec move bla
con move bul
eng convoy pic move wal
gal move war
gre support tri move alb
hel support mun move kie
hol support mun move kie
lvn move stp
mos support lvn move stp
mun move kie
nwy hold
pic move wal via convoy
ser support gre
sev move rum
sil move war
ska move den
tri move alb
tyr move boh
vie move bud
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Russia: fleet/dislodged kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Austria: army/dislodged stp
Austria: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
kie move ber
stp move fin
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb support gre
ber hold
bla support bul
boh support sil
bud support vie move gal
bul hold
den move kie
eng support wal
fin move swe
gal move war
gre hold
hel move den
hol support kie
kie support hel move den
mos support gal move war
nwy move swe
ruh support kie
ser support gre
sev hold
sil move war
stp hold
vie move gal
wal move lon
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Russia: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Italy: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
den move ska
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Italy: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove fin
build Army mun
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Italy: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb support gre
bla support bul
boh move sil
bud support gal move rum
bul hold
den move swe
eng support wal
gal move rum
hol hold
kie move ber
mos support war
mun support kie move ber
ruh move kie
ser support gre
sev hold
sil move pru
ska hold
smy move aeg
stp hold
tyr move boh
ven move tyr
wal move lon
war hold
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Russia: fleet/dislodged ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Italy: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move bal
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Italy: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul move gre
alb support gre
ber move den
bla move bul/ec
boh support sil
bud support rum
bul move gre
eng support wal
gre support ser move bul
hol hold
ion support bul move gre
kie support ber move den
mar move gas
mun move ruh
pru support sil
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sil move war
swe support ber move den
wal move lon
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Italy: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army mun
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre move bul
bla move con
boh move tyr
bud move rum
bul move con
eng support wal
gre move bul
ion move gre
kie move den
mos support war
nwy hold
pru move sil
ruh move kie
rum move bul
sev hold
sil move boh
stp move lvn
swe move bal
tri move ser
tyr move ven
vie move bud
wal move lon
war hold
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre
alb move gre
bal support den move swe
ber move pru
bla support bul
boh move tyr
bud support rum
bul hold
den move swe
gre hold
kie move den
lvn support war
mos support sev
mun hold
nwy move swe
rum hold
ser support alb move gre
sev hold
sil move boh
tyr move ven
ven move pie
vie move tri
war hold
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Italy: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet kie
build Army smy
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Italy: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre
alb move gre
bal move bot
ber support pru
bla support bul
boh move tyr
bud support rum
bul hold
den move swe
gre hold
hol move kie
kie move bal
lvn hold
mos support lvn
mun move sil
nwy hold
pie move mar
rum hold
ser support alb move gre
sev hold
smy move con
swe move fin
tri move alb
tyr move ven
ven move pie
war hold
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Italy: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Italy: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre
alb move gre
bal support pru move lvn
ber move kie
bla support bul move rum
bot move stp/sc
bud support rum
bul move rum
con move bul
eng move bre
fin support swe move nwy
gas move par
gre hold
kie move ruh
lvn hold
mar move bur
mos support war
nwy hold
pie move tyr
pru move ber
rum hold
ser support rum
sev support bla move rum
sil move mun
swe move nwy
tri support ser
tyr move mun
war hold
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Italy: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove lvn
build Army mun
build Army nap
build Army rom
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Italy: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre
alb support tri
bal move den
ber support mun
bla support bul move rum
bre move eng
bud move vie
bul move rum
bur move bel
con move bul
fin hold
gre hold
kie move hol
mos move stp
nap move rom
nwy hold
par support bur
pie support tyr
rom move tus
ruh move bel
rum hold
ser support rum
sev support bul move rum
sil move boh
stp/sc move bot
tyr move mun
ven support tyr
war hold
PHASE 1914 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
rum move bud
PHASE 1914 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre
alb support ser
ber support mun
bla support rum
boh move tyr
bot move bal
bud support ser
bul move ser
bur move pic
den move nth
eng support wal
fin move swe
gre hold
hol move bel
mun support boh move tyr
pie move mar
rom move tus
ruh support hol move bel
rum hold
ser hold
sev hold
stp hold
tri support boh move tyr
tus move pie
ven support tyr
vie support boh move tyr
wal move yor
war hold
PHASE 1914 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: army yor
ORDERS
remove bal
build Fleet con
build Army mos
build Army rom
remove vie
PHASE 1915 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb support ser
bel support ruh move bur
bla move rum
bud support ser
bul move ser
con move bul/ec
eng convoy pic move wal
gre move alb
mar move bur
mos move ukr
mun support tyr
nth support bel
pic move wal via convoy
pie support ven
ruh move bur
rum support bul move ser
ser hold
sev hold
stp hold
swe move den
tri hold
tus support ven
tyr hold
ven move tyr
war support mos move ukr
PHASE 1915 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Italy: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: army yor
ORDERS
alb support ser
bel move pic
ber hold
bla move rum
bud support ukr move rum
bul move ser
bur move gas
con move bul/sc
den move swe
eng support wal move lon
gre move alb
ion move adr
mar move bur
mun move bur
nth move nrg
nwy hold
pie support ven move tyr
rom support ven
rum support bul move ser
ser support ukr move rum
sev support ukr move rum
stp hold
tri support ser
tus support ven
tyr hold
ukr move rum
ven move tyr
wal move lon
war hold
yor support wal move lon
PHASE 1915 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Italy: army lon
England: fleet/dislodged lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Turkey: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Germany: army/dislodged tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: army yor
ORDERS
rum disband
tyr move boh
PHASE 1915 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Italy: army lon
Italy: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ven
PHASE 1916 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Italy: army lon
Italy: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: army yor
ORDERS
adr move alb
alb support tri
ber move mun
bla support bul move rum
bud move vie
bul move rum
con move bul/sc
eng move bel
gas move par
gre support adr move alb
lon move wal
mar move bur
mun move bur
nrg convoy nwy move cly
nwy move cly via convoy
pic support gas move par
pie move mar
rom move tus
rum hold
ser support tri
sev move bla
stp hold
swe move nwy
tri hold
tus move pie
war hold
PHASE 1916 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Italy: army/dislodged par
Italy: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: army yor
ORDERS
par move bre
PHASE 1916 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Italy: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: army yor
ORDERS
alb move tri
ber move kie
bla move rum
boh move tyr
bul support bla move rum
cly move edi
con move bla
gre move ion
mar move bur
mun support boh move tyr
nrg support cly move edi
par support pic move bre
pic move bre
pie move mar
rom move tus
rum hold
ser support tri
sev move bla
stp hold
tri hold
tus move pie
vie support tri
wal move lvp
war hold
yor support wal move lvp
PHASE 1916 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army bre
Italy: army/dislodged bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
England: fleet/dislodged edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
Italy: army lvp
England: army/dislodged lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: army yor
ORDERS
bre move gas
rum move bud
PHASE 1916 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet bel
Italy: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Italy: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
Italy: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army ber
build Army mos
build Army rom
PHASE 1917 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet bel
Italy: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Italy: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
Italy: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: army yor
ORDERS
alb move tri
ank move arm
bel move hol
ber move kie
bre support par
bud move rum
bul move gre
bur move par
con move bul/ec
edi hold
gas support bur move par
ion move adr
kie move hol
lvp move edi
mos move ukr
mun support tyr
nrg support edi
nwy hold
par support bre
rom support ven
rum hold
ser support bud move rum
sev support bud move rum
stp hold
tri support ser
tus support ven
vie support tri
war hold
yor support lvp move edi
PHASE 1917 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Italy: fleet bel
Italy: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Italy: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
Italy: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Turkey: fleet/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: army yor
ORDERS
rum move bla
PHASE 1917 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Italy: fleet bel
Italy: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Italy: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
Italy: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: army yor
ORDERS
adr support alb move tri
alb move tri
arm move sev
bel move nth
ber move kie
bla support arm move sev
bre support par
bul/ec move rum
bur move pic
edi hold
gas move bre
gre move ser
kie move hol
lvp support yor move edi
mar move bur
mun support tyr
nrg support edi
nwy hold
par support bre
pie move mar
rom support ven
rum support ser
ser support tri
sev hold
stp hold
tri hold
tus move pie
tyr hold
ukr support sev
vie support tri
war hold
yor move edi
PHASE 1917 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Italy: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Italy: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
Italy: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: army yor
ORDERS
remove alb
build Army ber
build Army mos
PHASE 1918 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Italy: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Italy: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
Italy: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: army yor
ORDERS
ber move kie
bre move pic
bur move par
edi move nwy via convoy
gas support bur move par
hol move bel
kie move ruh
lvp support yor move edi
mar move bur
mos move sev
mun support tyr
nth support yor move edi
nrg convoy edi move nwy
nwy move swe
par support bre move pic
pic support bur move par
pie support ven move tyr
rom move ven
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sev move bla
stp hold
tri support ser
ukr move rum
ven move tyr
vie move bud
war hold
yor move edi
PHASE 1918 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet/dislodged bul/ec
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Italy: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
Italy: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1918 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Italy: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
Italy: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel support ruh move bur
bud support tri
bul support ser move gre
bur support pic move bel
gas support par move bre
kie move hol
lvp move wal
mos move ukr
mun support ruh move bur
nth move den
par move bre
pic move bel
pie support ven
rom move tus
ruh move bur
rum hold
ser move gre
sev move bla
stp hold
swe move den
tri hold
tyr support tri
ven support pie
war hold
PHASE 1918 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Italy: army gas
Austria: army gre
Turkey: army/dislodged gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Italy: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bur move mar
PHASE 1918 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: army edi
Italy: supply edi
Italy: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Italy: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet kie
build Army nap
build Army rom
build Army vie
PHASE 1919 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: army edi
Italy: supply edi
Italy: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel support hol
bre support pic move par
bud support tri
bul move con
bur move ruh
gas move bur
gre hold
hol support bel
kie move hel
mar support gas move bur
mun support tyr
nap move rom
nth move hol
nrg move nat
nwy hold
pic move par
pie support ven
rum hold
sev move bla
stp hold
swe move den
tri hold
tus support ven
tyr support tri
ukr move sev
ven support pie
vie support tyr
wal move lon
war hold
PHASE 1919 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Russia: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: army edi
Italy: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Italy: army lon
Italy: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel hold
bre move pic
bud support tri
con hold
den hold
gre hold
hol support bel
mar move gas
mun support tyr
nat move mid
nwy hold
par support bur
pie move mar
rom support ven
ruh hold
rum move bul
sev move rum
stp hold
tri hold
tus move pie
tyr support tri
ukr hold
vie support tyr
war hold
PHASE 1919 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: army edi
Italy: supply edi
Italy: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Italy: army lon
Italy: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet nap
remove ruh
build Fleet sev
PHASE 1920 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: army edi
Italy: supply edi
Italy: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Italy: army lon
Italy: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel hold
bud support tri
bul hold
bur support pic move bel
con move ank
den hold
gre hold
hel hold
hol support bel
mid move por
mun support tyr
nap move tys
nth support pic move bel
nwy hold
pic move bel
pie support ven move tyr
rom move tus
rum support sev move bla
sev move bla
stp hold
tri hold
ukr move sev
ven move tyr
vie support tyr
war hold
PHASE 1920 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Italy: army bel
Germany: army/dislodged bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Turkey: fleet/dislodged bla
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: army edi
Italy: supply edi
Italy: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Italy: army lon
Italy: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Germany: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move ruh
PHASE 1920 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Italy: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: army edi
Italy: supply edi
Italy: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Italy: army lon
Italy: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Germany: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move smy
bel support bur move ruh
bla move ank
bud support tri
bul hold
den hold
gas move bur
gre hold
hol move bel
mar move spa
mun support tyr
nwy hold
par move pic
pie support ven move tyr
ruh support hol move bel
rum hold
sev move arm
stp hold
tri hold
tus move ven
tyr support mun
tys move wes
ven move tyr
vie support tyr
war move lvn
PHASE 1920 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: army edi
Italy: supply edi
Italy: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Italy: army lon
Italy: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
Germany: fleet por
Germany: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet kie
build Army mos
build Army war
PHASE 1921 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: army edi
Italy: supply edi
Italy: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Italy: army lon
Italy: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
Germany: fleet por
Germany: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move con
bel hold
bud support tri move ser
bul hold
bur move ruh
den hold
gas move par
gre move alb
hel hold
kie move hol
lvn hold
mos move sev
mun support tyr
nth move hol
nwy hold
pic move bel
pie support ven move tyr
por move mid
ruh support bel
rum move bla
sev move rum
smy hold
spa move por
stp hold
tri move ser
tus move ven
tyr hold
ven move tyr
vie support tyr
war hold
wes move mid
PHASE 1921 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: army edi
Italy: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Italy: army lon
Italy: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
Germany: fleet por
Germany: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move tri
bla move con
bud support alb move tri
bul hold
bur support pic move bel
con move aeg
den hold
hel support kie move hol
lvn hold
mun support tyr
nth support pic move bel
nwy hold
par move pic
pic move bel
pie support ven move tyr
por move mid
ruh support bel
rum hold
ser support alb move tri
sev hold
smy hold
spa move por
stp hold
tus move ven
ven move tri
vie support tyr
war hold
PHASE 1921 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Germany: army/dislodged bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: army edi
Italy: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Italy: army lon
Italy: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Italy: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: army por
Germany: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move hol
PHASE 1921 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: army edi
Italy: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Italy: army lon
Italy: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Italy: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove kie
remove mid
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
PHASE 1922 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: army edi
Italy: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Italy: army lon
Italy: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg convoy smy move gre
bel support bur move ruh
bud support ser
bul support rum move ser
bur move ruh
con hold
den hold
hel hold
hol support ruh
lvn move war
mun support tyr
nap move apu
nth move hol
nwy hold
pic move bur
pie support ven move tyr
por move spa
rom move tus
ruh hold
rum move ser
ser support tri move alb
sev move rum
smy move gre via convoy
stp hold
tri move alb
tus move ven
tyr hold
ven move tyr
vie support tyr
war move gal
wes move mid
PHASE 1922 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: army edi
Italy: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Italy: army lon
Italy: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Germany: army/dislodged ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ruh move kie
PHASE 1922 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: army edi
Italy: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Italy: army lon
Italy: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre
alb support vie move tri
bel move hol
bud move rum
bul support rum move ser
bur support ruh move mun
con hold
gal hold
gre hold
hel support hol
hol support kie
kie support mun
mid move nat
mun support tyr
nth support bel move hol
pie move tyr
rom move ven
ruh move mun
rum move ser
ser support bud move rum
sev move rum
stp hold
tus move pie
ven move tri
vie move tri
war support gal
PHASE 1922 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: army edi
Italy: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Italy: army lon
Italy: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army mos
PHASE 1923 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: army edi
Italy: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Italy: army lon
Italy: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bel move hol
bul hold
bur move mun
con move aeg
den move swe
gal move bud
gre move alb
hel move den
hol support kie
kie support hol
mos hold
mun support tyr
nat move nrg
nth support bel move hol
pie support ven move tyr
rom move ven
ruh support bel move hol
ser support gal move bud
sev move rum
stp hold
tyr support mun
ven move tyr
war move gal
PHASE 1923 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Italy: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: army edi
Italy: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Italy: army lon
Italy: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Germany: army/dislodged tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bud disband
tyr move boh
PHASE 1923 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Italy: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: army edi
Italy: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Italy: army lon
Italy: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb hold
apu move ion
bud support ser move tri
bul move ser
bur move mun
gal move vie
gre move nap
hol support ruh move kie
ion convoy gre move nap
mos move stp
nth support nrg move nwy
nrg move nwy
ruh move kie
rum hold
ser move tri
spa move mar
stp move fin
tri hold
tyr support bur move mun
PHASE 1923 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Italy: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: army edi
Italy: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
Germany: army/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
Italy: army lon
Italy: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1923 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Italy: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: army edi
Italy: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
Italy: army lon
Italy: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Russia: army nap
Russia: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nwy
Italy: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove alb
build Army mos
build Fleet rom
build Fleet sev
build Army war
PHASE 1924 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Italy: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: army edi
Italy: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
Italy: army lon
Italy: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Russia: army nap
Russia: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nwy
Italy: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu support rom move nap
bud support vie
fin support stp move nwy
gre move alb
hol move kie
ion support nap
kie move ber
lon move bel via convoy
mar move bur
mos move stp
mun move sil
nth convoy lon move bel
pie move mar
rom move nap
rum move gal
ser support tri
sev move bla
stp move nwy
tri hold
tus support ven
tyr move vie
ven move tri
vie hold
war hold
PHASE 1924 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: army edi
Italy: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Russia: supply gre
Italy: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Russia: army nap
Russia: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Italy: fleet/dislodged nwy
Italy: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nwy move ska
PHASE 1924 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: army edi
Italy: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Russia: supply gre
Italy: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Russia: army nap
Russia: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Italy: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move adr
apu move adr
bel move ruh
ber move pru
bla move con
bud support tri
bur move mun
fin support nwy
gal move sil
ion support nap
kie move ber
mar move bur
nap hold
nth move nwy
nwy hold
rom move nap
ser move alb
sil move war
ska support nth move nwy
stp move lvn
tri hold
tus move ven
tyr move vie
ven move tri
vie hold
war support gal move sil
PHASE 1924 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Italy: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: army edi
Italy: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: supply gre
Italy: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Italy: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Russia: army nap
Russia: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army mos
build Fleet sev
build Fleet stp/sc
PHASE 1925 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Italy: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: army edi
Italy: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: supply gre
Italy: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Italy: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Russia: army nap
Russia: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move adr
ber move sil
bud hold
bur move ruh
con move aeg
fin support nwy
ion support nap
lvn support war move pru
mos move stp
mun support ber move sil
nap hold
nth move nwy
nwy hold
pru move war
rom move tys
ruh move kie
ser move alb
sev move bla
sil move ber
ska move swe
stp/sc move bot
tri hold
tus move rom
tyr move vie
ven move tri
vie support tri
war move pru
PHASE 1925 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Italy: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Italy: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: army edi
Italy: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: supply gre
Italy: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Russia: army nap
Russia: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army/dislodged pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Russia: army/dislodged sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Italy: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
pru move ber
sil move war
PHASE 1925 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Italy: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Italy: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: army edi
Italy: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: supply gre
Italy: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Russia: army nap
Russia: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Italy: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg move ion
alb move apu
apu move nap
ber move pru
bla move con
bot convoy lvn move swe
bud support vie
fin support lvn move swe
ion move tun
kie move den
lvn move swe
mun move boh
nap move rom
nth support kie move den
nwy hold
pru support war move sil
rom support apu move nap
ruh move mun
sil move war
stp support nwy
tri support adr move ven
tyr support ven move tri
tys support apu move nap
ven move tri
vie move tyr
war move sil
PHASE 1925 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Italy: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Italy: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Italy: army den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
Italy: army edi
Italy: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: supply gre
Italy: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Italy: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Russia: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Italy: fleet/dislodged swe
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Russia: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
swe move bal
ven move tus
PHASE 1925 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet bal
Italy: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Italy: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Italy: army den
Italy: supply den
Italy: army edi
Italy: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: supply gre
Italy: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Italy: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: fleet ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
