PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move eng
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move hol
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun hold
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move nap
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven hold
vie move tri
war hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
bla support bul move rum
bot move swe
bre move eng
bul move rum
bur move bel
con move bul
hol move bel
ion convoy nap move tun
kie move den
lon move eng
mun move bur
nap move tun via convoy
nth convoy yor move nwy
rum hold
ser support alb move gre
spa move por
tri support ser
ukr support rum
ven hold
war move gal
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army ber
build Army bud
build Army edi
build Fleet kie
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army sev
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
ber move mun
bla support bul move rum
bre move pic
bud support vie move gal
bul move rum
bur move ruh
con move bul
den hold
edi move bel via convoy
gal support sev move rum
hol support edi move bel
ion move eas
kie move hel
lon move eng
mos support rum move sev
mun move ruh
nap move ion
nth convoy edi move bel
nwy hold
par move bur
por move spa
rum move sev
ser support bul move rum
sev move rum
swe move bal
tri support bud
tun hold
ukr support sev move rum
ven hold
vie move gal
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gal move war
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move smy
bal move den
bel hold
ber move kie
bla support rum move sev
bud move gal
bul move rum
bur move ruh
den move swe
eas convoy tun move syr
eng move mid
gal move sil
gre hold
hel move den
hol hold
ion convoy tun move syr
mos move stp
mun move bur
nth support bel
nwy hold
par move bre
pic move bel
rum move sev
ser move bud
sev hold
spa hold
tri hold
tun move syr via convoy
ukr support sev
ven hold
war hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove bal
build Fleet lon
build Army mar
build Army mun
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank support smy
bel hold
bla support rum move sev
bre move par
bud support gal
bur move ruh
eas move smy
gal support sil move war
gre hold
hel hold
hol move kie
ion move aeg
kie move ber
lon move eng
mid support lon move eng
mar move gas
mun support bur move ruh
nth support bel
nwy move stp
pic move bre
ruh move bur
rum move sev
sev hold
sil move war
smy hold
spa move por
stp hold
swe hold
syr support eas move smy
tri support bud
ukr support war
ven hold
war hold
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
France: army/dislodged ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ruh move hol
sev move mos
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support syr move smy
ank support smy
bel hold
ber move kie
bla move con
bre hold
bud support gal
bul hold
eas support syr move smy
eng move mid
gal support sil move war
gas support bre
gre move aeg
hel support kie move den
hol move bel
kie move den
mid move wes
mos move sev
mun support ruh
nth move eng
nwy hold
par move pic
ruh support hol move bel
sev hold
sil move war
stp hold
swe hold
syr move smy
tri hold
ukr support war
ven hold
war hold
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
England: army/dislodged bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move bur
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bur
build Fleet mar
remove stp
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank support smy
bel move bur
bre move mid
bud move rum
bul move rum
con move aeg
den move nth
eas support aeg move ion
eng support mid move bre
gal move ukr
gas move spa
gre support con move aeg
hel support den move nth
kie move ber
mid move bre
mar move gol
mos support ukr move sev
mun support kie move ber
nwy move stp
pic move bre
ruh move hol
sev move mos
sil move war
swe hold
syr move arm
tri hold
ukr move sev
ven hold
war hold
wes move tun
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
France: fleet/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bre move gas
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank support smy
arm move ank
ber support mun
bre hold
bud move vie
bul move rum
bur move par
eas move ion
eng support bre
gas move bre
gre hold
hel move den
hol move edi via convoy
ion move tys
gol move wes
mos hold
mun support ber
nth convoy hol move edi
pic support gas move bre
por move spa
sev hold
sil support ukr move war
smy hold
spa move gas
stp move nwy
swe move nwy
tri move ven
tun hold
ukr move war
war hold
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
war move lvn
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove arm
build Army bud
build Fleet con
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
remove lvn
build Army lvp
remove por
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank move arm
ber support mun
bre move eng
bud support sil move gal
con move bla
den support nth
edi hold
eng move lon
gas move bre
gre hold
ion move tun
kie move hol
lon move yor
lvp support lon move yor
mos move stp
mun support ber
nth support swe move nwy
par support gas move bre
pic support gas move bre
rum move sev
sev move mos
sil move gal
smy move con
stp move nwy
swe move nwy
tri support vie move tyr
tun move tys
tys support ion move tun
ven hold
vie move tyr
war hold
wes support tys move tun
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
England: fleet/dislodged tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
tun move naf
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
bre move mid
bud move rum
con move bul
den support nth
eng move nth
gal support bud move rum
gre move bul/sc
ion move nap
lon support eng move nth
lvp move edi
mos move stp
mun move tyr
naf move mid
nth support edi
nwy hold
par move bre
pic move bel
rum support arm move sev
sev move ank
spa move mar
stp move nwy
tri support tyr move ven
tun hold
tyr move ven
tys move nap
ven support mun move tyr
war hold
wes support bre move mid
yor support lvp move edi
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
Germany: army/dislodged edi
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Turkey: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
edi move cly
rum move ser
sev disband
ven move rom
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove naf
build Army par
build Fleet smy
remove yor
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber hold
bla support sev move rum
bud move ser
cly move lvp
con move bul
den move nth
edi move lvp
eng move mid
gal move ukr
gre move bul/sc
hol hold
ion support ser move gre
lon move yor
mid move iri
mar move pie
mos support nwy move stp
nth move edi
nwy move stp
par move bur
rom move ven
rum support bud move ser
ser move gre
sev move rum
smy move aeg
stp hold
tri move vie
tun move ion
tyr support rom move ven
tys move nap
ven move tri
war support gal move ukr
wes move mid
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Germany: army cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
England: army/dislodged stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
rum move gal
stp move fin
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Germany: army cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg support ion move gre
bel move ruh
ber hold
bla convoy con move sev
bud support gal move rum
bur move mun
cly move lvp
con move sev
den move swe
edi move lvp
eng move lon
fin move nwy
gal move rum
gre move bul/sc
hol move bel
ion move gre
iri support wes move mid
mos move ukr
nap hold
nth move nwy
pie move tyr
rum move bud
ser move tri
stp hold
tri move ven
tun hold
tyr move boh
ukr move sev
ven support tyr
vie move tyr
war move mos
wes move mid
yor move edi
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove bud
remove fin
build Army kie
build Fleet rom
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
ank move arm
bel move edi via convoy
ber move pru
bla move rum
boh move sil
bre move par
cly move lvp
con move bul
edi move lvp
gre support con move bul
iri support cly move lvp
kie move ber
lon support yor move nth
mid move eng
mos move sev
mun move tyr
nap move apu
nth convoy bel move edi
pie support mun move tyr
rom move tys
ruh move mun
rum support ukr move sev
ser move tri
stp move mos
swe move bal
tri move bud
tun move ion
ukr move sev
ven support pie move tyr
vie move bud
war move mos
yor move nth
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet/dislodged nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
nth move nwy
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
apu move adr
arm move sev
bal move swe
bel move hol
ber move kie
bla move rum
bul support bla move rum
edi move lvp
eng support iri
ion move eas
iri move wal
lon move eng
lvp hold
mos support sil move war
mun move boh
nth move hol
nwy hold
par move gas
pie hold
pru support sil move war
rum support tri move ser
ser support bla move rum
sil move war
stp support mos
tri move ser
tyr support ven move tri
tys move ion
ukr support war move mos
ven move tri
vie move bud
war move mos
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: fleet rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Austria: army/dislodged war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
rum move gal
tri move vie
war move lvn
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army con
remove gal
remove lon
remove lvn
build Fleet smy
remove ukr
build Army ven
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
aeg support smy move eas
ber move sil
boh support tyr move vie
bud hold
bul move rum
con move bul
eas move ion
edi move lvp
eng move lon
gas move par
gre move ion
ion move tys
kie move hol
lvp hold
mos hold
nth move nrg
nwy hold
pie move tyr
pru move lvn
rum move bla
ser move bud
sev support mos
smy move eas
stp move mos
swe move den
tri support tyr move vie
tyr move vie
ven support tri
vie move tyr
wal support eng move lon
war support stp move mos
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Italy: fleet/dislodged eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
eas move syr
vie move gal
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: fleet syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move smy
bel support hol
bla move con
boh support vie
bud move rum
bul move ser
den hold
eas support aeg move smy
edi move lvp
gal support bud move rum
gre move ion
hol support bel
lon hold
lvn move mos
lvp hold
mos hold
nrg move nat
nwy hold
par move gas
rum support ser move bud
ser move bud
sev support mos
sil support war
stp support lvn move mos
syr move smy
tyr support vie
tys support adr move ion
vie support tyr
wal move eng
war support lvn move mos
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Turkey: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: fleet syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
mos move ukr
rum move bul
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: fleet syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
remove edi
remove gal
build Army kie
build Fleet mar
remove ukr
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: fleet syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bel support hol
ber move pru
boh move vie
bre move mid
bud support vie move tri
bul move rum
con move bla
den move nth
eas move syr
eng move iri
gas move mar
gre move ion
hol support bel
ion move alb
kie move ber
lon move eng
lvp move edi
mar move gol
mos support war move ukr
nat move mid
nwy move nrg
ser support bul move rum
sev support bul move rum
sil move war
smy support eas move syr
stp support mos
syr move smy
tri support ven
tyr support vie move tri
tys move ion
ven support tri
vie move tri
war move ukr
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: fleet syr
France: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: fleet syr
France: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
alb move tri
ber move sil
bla support sev
bre move mid
bud support vie move tri
edi move lvp
eng move lon
hol move ruh
iri support bre move mid
gol hold
mar move pie
mos support ukr
nat move lvp
nth move edi
nrg move edi
pru move war
rum move ukr
ser move rum
sev support rum move ukr
smy move aeg
stp move lvn
syr move eas
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
tys move wes
ukr support war move gal
ven support alb move tri
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army con
build Army mar
remove nat
build Army rom
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
alb move tri
bel hold
ber move pru
bla support sev
bud support rum move gal
con move bul
eas move ion
gal support ukr
gre move alb
iri move mid
lon move eng
lvn move mos
mid move spa/sc
mar move bur
mos move sev
nth move den
nrg move nth
pie support tri move ven
rom support ven
ruh hold
rum move gal
ser support rum
sil move boh
tri move ven
tyr support tri move ven
ukr support mos move sev
ven support alb move tri
vie move tri
war support gal
wes move mid
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ven move tus
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move adr
bel hold
bla support sev
boh move sil
bud move gal
bul move rum
bur move mun
den move bal
edi hold
eng support iri move mid
gal move rum
gre support aeg move ion
ion move tys
iri move mid
lvn move mos
gol support spa/sc move wes
mos move sev
nth move nrg
pie support ven
pru move lvn
rom move nap
ruh hold
rum move ukr
ser move bud
sev support rum move ukr
spa/sc move wes
tus move rom
tyr support bur move mun
ukr support gal move rum
ven support pie
vie move tri
war move gal
wes move tun
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army bre
remove tun
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ven
bal move den
bel hold
ber move sil
bla support sev
bud support bul move rum
bul move rum
edi hold
gre move ion
ion move nap
lvn hold
gol move wes
mid move iri
mos support rum move sev
mun move bur
nap support rom
nrg move nat
pie move mar
pru hold
rom support adr move ven
ruh hold
rum move sev
ser support bul move rum
sev hold
sil move gal
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
tys support ion move nap
ukr support rum move sev
ven move rom
war support sil move gal
wes move tun
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
France: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: army/dislodged nap
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Turkey: army/dislodged sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
nap move apu
sev move arm
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
France: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ven
apu support adr move ven
arm move sev
bel hold
bla support rum
bre move lon via convoy
bud support rum
bur move mun
den move nth
edi hold
eng convoy bre move lon
gal support ukr
ion move nap
iri support wes move mid
lvn hold
mar move bur
mos support sev
nat hold
nap move rom
pru hold
rom support adr move ven
ruh hold
rum hold
ser support rum
sev hold
sil hold
tri move ven
tyr support tri move ven
tys support nap move rom
ukr support sev
ven support nap move rom
war support gal
wes move mid
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army/dislodged rom
Turkey: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
rom move tus
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove adr
build Army ank
remove apu
build Army con
build Fleet mar
remove tus
