PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move hol
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
rom move apu
sev move bla
smy hold
stp/sc move bot
tri hold
ven hold
vie hold
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
apu hold
bla move bul/ec
bot move swe
bul hold
con move aeg
eng move bel
gal move rum
hol support ruh move bel
ion move gre
kie move den
mid move por
nth move eng
par move bre
ruh move bel
ser support bla move bul
smy move con
spa support mid move por
tri move alb
ukr support gal move rum
ven hold
vie move tri
yor move lon
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army ber
build Army bud
build Fleet kie
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army sev
build Fleet stp/nc
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move ion
ank move arm
apu move ven
bel hold
ber move kie
bud move ser
bul/ec move bla
con hold
den hold
eng convoy lon move bel
gre move aeg
hol support kie move hel
kie move hel
lon move bel
mar move gol
mos move war
mun hold
nap move tys
nth support lon move bel
por move mid
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev move arm
spa move gas
stp/nc move nwy
swe support stp/nc move nwy
tri move vie
ukr move gal
ven move pie
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
Germany: army/dislodged bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move ruh
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
alb move ion
ank move arm
bla support bul move con
bul move con
con support aeg move bul
den hold
eng move nth
gal move sil
gas move mar
gre support aeg move bul
hel move nth
hol move bel
kie move hol
gol support gas move mar
mid move eng
mun move tyr
nth move den
nwy support nth
par move pic
pie move mar
ruh support hol move bel
rum move bul
ser move tri
sev move arm
swe support nth move den
tys move tun
ven move tri
vie move boh
war move pru
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army/dislodged bel
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Austria: army con
Turkey: army/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army/dislodged den
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move bur
con move smy
den move kie
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
England: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove hol
build Fleet lon
build Fleet nap
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
England: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank support bul/sc move con
bel support hel move nth
bla support con move ank
boh support bur move mun
bre move par
bul/sc move con
bur move mun
con move ank
den support lon move nth
eng support lon move nth
gre support bul/sc
hel move nth
ion support ser move gre
kie move ber
lon move nth
gol support mid move wes
mid move wes
mar support bur
nap move ion
nwy support lon move nth
pie support bur move mar
pru support sil move ber
ruh move mun
rum move bul
ser move gre
sev move arm
sil move ber
smy support bul/sc move con
swe support den
tri hold
tun move tys
tyr move vie
ven support pie
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank support arm move smy
arm move smy
ber support mun move kie
bla support bul move con
boh move mun
bul move con
con move ank
den support mun move kie
eng move bre
gre move ion
ion move gre
mar move gas
mun move kie
nap support gre move ion
nth move hol
nwy move nth
par move bur
pie move ven
pru support ber
ser move bul
smy support con move ank
swe support den
tri move ven
tys move tun
ven move tyr
wes move mid
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Turkey: fleet/dislodged con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Austria: fleet/dislodged ion
England: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
con disband
ion move alb
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove bur
build Fleet edi
remove hel
build Fleet lon
build Army lvp
remove ruh
build Fleet sev
build Army war
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank hold
arm support con move smy
bel move eng
ber support mun
bla move con
bre support lon move eng
bud move vie
bul support alb move gre
con move smy
edi move cly
hol move bel
ion move adr
kie move ruh
lon move eng
lvp move wal
mun move tyr
nap move tys
nth support hol move bel
pie move mar
pru move sil
sev move bla
smy move con
tri move ven
tun move wes
tyr move ven
vie move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Turkey: army/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
smy disband
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tyr move ven
ank hold
arm move sev
ber support mun
bla move con
bre move mid
bud move vie
bul move ser
cly move nat
con move aeg
eng support bre move mid
gre hold
mar support wes move spa
mun move tyr
nth support bel
ruh move bur
sil move boh
smy support bla move con
swe support den
tri hold
tyr move ven
tys move wes
vie move bud
war move gal
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: fleet/dislodged mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
mid disband
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army lon
remove gol
build Fleet nap
build Army war
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg move ion
ank move con
ber hold
boh support gal move vie
bud support gal move vie
bur move par
con move aeg
den move hel
eng convoy lon move bre
gal move vie
gre support aeg move ion
lon move bre
mid move por
mar move bur
nat move mid
nap move ion
nth convoy lon move hol
ser move alb
sev move ukr
smy hold
spa/sc support wes move mid
swe hold
tri hold
tyr support tri
ven support adr move tri
war move sil
wes move mid
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg support gre move ion
alb move tri
ber support boh move mun
boh move mun
bre support par
bud move vie
bur move mun
con hold
eng support nat move mid
gre move ion
ion move tun
mid move por
nat move mid
nap move tys
nth support bel
sil support boh move mun
smy hold
spa/sc support mid move por
swe hold
tri move ven
tyr support tri move ven
ukr move gal
ven support adr move tri
vie move boh
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Austria: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ven move tus
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove bur
remove gas
build Army lon
build Fleet lvp
remove pic
build Fleet sev
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg move ion
alb hold
bel move hol
ber support sil move mun
boh support gal
bre move gas
bud move ser
con move bul
eng support mid
gal support boh
ion move tys
lon move bel via convoy
lvp move iri
mun move ruh
nth convoy lon move bel
par move bur
por move spa/sc
sev move bla
sil move mun
smy hold
spa/sc move wes
swe move ska
tri support ven move adr
tun support ion move tys
tus support adr move ven
tyr move ven
tys support spa/sc move wes
ven move adr
vie move bud
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: fleet/dislodged tys
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
tys move nap
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
alb move nap via convoy
bel move bur
ber hold
bla move con
boh support gal
bud move rum
bul hold
bur move mar
eng convoy wal move bre
gal support boh
gas move spa
ion convoy alb move nap
iri hold
mid support gas move spa
mun support ruh
nap support wes move tys
nth move nrg
ruh support mun
ser move alb
ska move nwy
smy hold
spa/sc move mar
tri move adr
tun move wes
tus move rom
tyr move pie
tys support alb move nap
ven support tri move adr
wes move tys
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet/dislodged adr
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move apu
spa/sc move por
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army lon
remove por
build Army tri
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr convoy alb move apu
alb move apu via convoy
apu hold
bel move pic
ber hold
boh support gal
bul hold
bur move mar
con move aeg
eng support iri move mid
gal support boh
hel move nth
ion support tys move nap
iri move mid
mid move por
mun support ruh
nap move tys
nrg support nwy
nwy support nrg
pie move tus
rom support apu
ruh support mun
rum move bud
ser move tri
smy hold
spa support mid move por
tri move tyr
tun move wes
tys move nap
ven support alb move apu
wes support nap move tys
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
England: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move apu
aeg convoy smy move apu
alb hold
apu support rom move nap
ber hold
boh support gal
bud hold
bul move ser
eng convoy wal move bre
gal support boh
ion convoy smy move apu
lon move bel via convoy
mid hold
mun support ruh
nap support tus move rom
nth convoy lon move bel
nrg support nwy
nwy support nrg
pic move bur
rom move nap
ruh support mun
smy move apu via convoy
tri hold
tun support mid move wes
tus move rom
tyr move pie
ven hold
wal move bre via convoy
wes move tys
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove apu
build Army lon
build Army lvp
remove tys
build Army vie
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr hold
aeg convoy smy move bul
alb hold
ber hold
boh support gal
bre move par
bud hold
gal support boh
ion support tun move tys
mid move wes
mun support ruh
nap hold
nrg move nwy
nwy move swe
pie hold
por move mid
rom hold
ruh support mun
ser hold
smy move bul via convoy
tri hold
tun move tys
ven hold
vie hold
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: supply tun
Russia: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
