PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar move bur
mos move sev
mun move tyr
nap move ion
par move gas
rom move apu
sev move bla
smy hold
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven hold
vie move tri
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb support ser move gre
apu move tun via convoy
bla support ukr move rum
bot move swe
bul move gre
bur move bel
con move bul/sc
eng move bel
gas move spa
ion convoy apu move tun
kie move hol
mid move por
nth move nwy
ser move gre
sev move arm
smy move ank
tri move ser
tyr move mun
ukr move rum
ven move tyr
yor hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
build Fleet bre
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Army mos
build Army par
build Army sev
build Army smy
build Army tri
build Army ven
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank support smy move arm
arm move syr
ber move bal
bla support sev move arm
bre support por move mid
bul move rum
bur support eng move bel
con move bla
den move ska
eng move bel
gre move bul
hol move bel
ion move aeg
kie move mun
lon move nth
mos move stp
mun move bur
nwy support lon move nth
par move pic
por move mid
rum support gre move bul
ser support gre move bul
sev move arm
smy move arm
spa move gas
swe support den move ska
tri support vie
tyr move mun
ven move tyr
vie support tri
yor move lon
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank hold
arm move smy
bal move den
bla move ank
bre hold
bur support tyr move mun
con hold
eng move bel
gas hold
gre support bul
hol move bel
kie move mun
lon move wal
mid hold
mun move bur
nth move den
nwy support swe
pic support eng move bel
rum support bul
ser move tri
sev move arm
ska support swe move nwy
stp support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
syr support sev move arm
tri move bud
tyr move mun
ven move tri
vie move tri
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mun move ruh
nwy move nrg
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bal
build Fleet nap
build Fleet tri
build Army war
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
arm support syr move smy
bel move hol
bla move ank
bre hold
bud move tri
bul move con
bur support mun
con move bla
gas support bur
gre move aeg
hol move ruh
ion convoy tun move alb
kie move mun
mid hold
mun support ven move tyr
nap move apu
nth support bel move hol
nrg support nth
nwy support ska move nth
pic support bel
ruh support kie move mun
rum support war move gal
ska move den
smy move syr
stp support nwy
syr move smy
tri move adr
tun move alb via convoy
ven move tyr
vie move tyr
war move gal
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg move gre
alb move gre
ank move arm
apu support ven
arm support syr move smy
bla move ank
bre move eng
bul support ser
bur move ruh
con move aeg
den move nth
gal support rum
gas move bur
hol move bel
ion support alb move gre
kie support ruh move mun
mid hold
mun move kie
nth support hol
nrg support nth
nwy support den move nth
pic move bel
ruh move mun
rum hold
ser support aeg move gre
smy move syr
stp support nwy
syr move smy
tri support adr move ven
vie move tyr
wal move lon
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Italy: army/dislodged mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mun move boh
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove apu
build Fleet edi
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg support bul move gre
alb support ven move tri
ank move arm
arm move smy
bla move ank
boh move vie
bul move gre
bur move mun
con move bla
edi move nth
eng support edi move nth
gal move bud
hol move kie
ion move adr
kie move ruh
mid hold
mun move tyr
nth move ska
nrg support edi move nth
nwy support den move nth
pic move bel
ruh support hol move kie
rum support gal move bud
ser move bul
smy move syr
stp support nwy
syr support arm move smy
tri support adr move ven
tyr move vie
ven move tri
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Germany: army/dislodged kie
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Turkey: army/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Italy: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
kie move ber
smy move con
tri move ser
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
aeg support bul
alb support tri
ank move bla
arm move sev
bel move ruh
ber move kie
bla support arm move sev
boh move vie
bud support boh move vie
bul support ser move rum
bur support ruh move mun
con move ank
den move ska
eng move bel
gre move alb
kie move den
lon hold
mid hold
mun move ruh
nth support kie move den
nrg move nwy
nwy move nth
ruh move mun
rum move sev
ser move rum
ska move swe
smy move con
stp move fin
syr move arm
tri move ven
tyr move tri
ven support tyr move tri
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Austria: fleet/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mun move ber
rum move ukr
ven move apu
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove arm
remove con
build Army edi
remove gre
build Fleet mar
build Fleet nap
build Army par
remove ska
build Fleet stp/sc
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move ion
alb move ser
ank move con
apu move nap
bel support edi move hol
ber move mun
bla hold
bud support ukr move rum
bul move con
bur move mun
den support swe
edi move hol
fin support nwy
kie move den
mid hold
mar move gol
mun move sil
nap move apu
nth convoy edi move hol
nrg support nth
nwy hold
par move bur
ruh support bur move mun
rum support tri move bud
smy support ank move con
stp/sc move bot
swe support den
syr move arm
tri move bud
ukr move rum
ven move tri
vie support ven move tri
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Russia: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
tri move alb
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Russia: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move ion
alb support bul move ser
apu move adr
arm move sev
bel move eng
ber move mun
bla hold
bot support nwy move swe
bud move rum
bul move ser
bur move mun
con hold
den move kie
fin support nwy move swe
hol support den move kie
kie move den
lon move yor
gol hold
mid hold
mun move ber
nap support adr move ion
nth support hol
nrg support swe move nwy
nwy move swe
ruh support bur move mun
rum support bul move ser
ser support bud move rum
sil support mun move ber
smy support con
swe move nwy
tri move ven
ukr move war
vie move tri
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: army/dislodged ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Italy: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
England: fleet/dislodged swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ber disband
ser move gre
swe move den
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove adr
remove aeg
remove bla
build Army mar
build Army mos
build Fleet rom
build Fleet stp/nc
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move tri
ber move sil
bot move bal
bud support sev move rum
con move aeg
den support kie
eng move mid
fin support stp/nc move nwy
gre support tri move ser
hol support kie
ion move tun
kie hold
gol support mar move pie
mid move wes
mar move pie
mos move ukr
mun move tyr
nap move ion
nth move bel
nrg move nat
rom move tys
ruh move mun
rum move bud
ser support alb move tri
sev move rum
sil move boh
smy move con
stp/nc move nwy
swe support bot move bal
tri move ser
ven move tri
war support sil
yor move lon
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
rum move gal
ser move bul
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb support bul move ser
bal support fin move swe
bel move nth
boh support gal move vie
bud move vie
bul move ser
con support gre move bul
den support kie
fin move swe
gal move vie
gre move bul
ion move tys
kie support den
gol support wes
mid move naf
mun move ber
nat move nrg
nwy support swe move ska
pie support tyr move ven
rum support ukr move gal
ser support gre move bul
sil move gal
swe move ska
tun support tys move wes
tyr move ven
tys move wes
ukr move gal
ven move tri
war support ukr move gal
wes support mid move naf
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove alb
build Fleet bre
build Army mos
build Fleet stp/nc
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move pru
ber support sil
boh support vie
bre move mid
bud support tri move vie
bul move ser
con move bul
gal support tri move vie
gre move alb
hol hold
ion support tun
kie support den
gol support wes move tys
mos move lvn
naf move tun
nth support den
nrg support nth
nwy move nth
pie move tyr
rum support bul move ser
ser move tri
sil support ber
ska support nwy move nth
stp/nc move nwy
swe move den
tri move vie
tys move tus
ven support ser move tri
vie support ser move tri
war move sil
wes move tys
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb support ser move tri
ber support sil move pru
boh move vie
bud support ser move tri
bul move gre
den move bal
gal support vie
ion support tun
kie support lon move den
lon move den via convoy
lvn move pru
gol move tus
mid move wes
naf move tun
nth convoy lon move den
nrg support nth
nwy hold
pru move bal
rum move ser
ser move tri
sil move pru
ska move den
stp/nc support nwy
swe support ska move den
tri hold
tus move gol
tyr support tri
tys support naf move tun
ven support tri
vie support ser move tri
war support lvn move pru
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet rom
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb support vie move tri
ber support sil
boh move gal
bud support vie move tri
gal move vie
gre move apu via convoy
hol move ruh
ion convoy gre move nap
kie move bal
lon move den via convoy
lvn move pru
gol move tus
naf move tun
nth convoy lon move den
nrg support nth
nwy support ska
pru move bal
rom support tun move tys
rum move gal
ser support vie move tri
sil support boh move gal
ska move den
stp/nc move bar
swe support nwy
tri move ser
tun move tys
tus move pie
tyr move boh
tys move rom
ven support tys move rom
vie move tri
war support lvn move pru
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet pie
France: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
France: fleet rom
Italy: fleet/dislodged rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
rom move nap
tri move tyr
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet pie
France: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb support tri
bar move nrg
ber move pru
boh support tyr move vie
bud move rum
den support nth move ska
gal move bud
gre move apu via convoy
ion convoy gre move apu
kie support den
lon move yor
lvn support war
nap support tys move rom
nth move ska
nrg move nth
nwy support ska move nth
pie move mar
pru move bal
rom support tus
rum move ukr
ser move rum
sil support ber move pru
ska move nth
swe move den
tri support vie
tun hold
tus support rom
tyr move mun
tys move rom
ven move tri
vie move gal
war support vie move gal
wes support tun
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army pru
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
nth move edi
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move ion
apu support tri move ven
bal support nth move den
bar move nrg
boh move tyr
bre move eng
bud move vie
den move ska
edi support nrg move nth
gal support bud move vie
ion move tys
kie support den
lvn move pru
mar support tys move gol
mun move bur
nap support ion move tys
nth move den
nrg move nth
nwy support bar move nrg
pru move sil
rom move tys
ruh move bur
ser move tri
sil move mun
swe support nth move den
tri move ven
tun move wes
tus move gol
tys move gol
ukr support war
ven move pie
war support lvn move pru
wes move spa/sc
yor move lon
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: army/dislodged pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
pru move ber
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu support tri move ven
bal support den
ber support kie
den support nrg move nth
edi move nrg
eng move nth
gal move boh
ion support tys move tun
kie support nth move den
gol move pie
mar move spa/sc
mun move kie
nap support ven move rom
nth move den
nrg move nth
nwy support nrg move nth
pie move mar
pru support war move sil
rom move tys
ruh support sil move mun
sil move mun
ska move swe
spa/sc support pie move mar
swe support den
tri move ven
tus support wes move gol
tyr move pie
tys move tun
ukr move gal
ven move rom
vie support gal move boh
war move sil
wes move gol
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Austria: army/dislodged mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mun move bur
nth move edi
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove ber
remove bur
build Fleet sev
remove ska
build Fleet stp/nc
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu move ven
bal support den move kie
boh support ven move tyr
den move kie
edi support nrg
eng move nth
gal move vie
ion support nap move tys
kie move hel
gol support tys move wes
mar move bur
mun move ruh
nap move tys
nth support nwy move nrg
nrg support edi
nwy move nrg
pru move ber
rom move tus
ruh move hol
sev move bla
sil support pru move ber
spa/sc move mid
stp/nc move bar
swe move den
tun move wes
tus move tys
tyr move tri
ven move tyr
vie move tri
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
France: army/dislodged tyr
Italy: fleet tys
France: fleet/dislodged tys
Russia: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
tyr move mun
tys move tun
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support kie
bar move nrg
ber support kie
bla move bul/ec
boh support sil move mun
bur move mun
den support kie
edi support nrg
eng move nth
gal move vie
hel support eng move nth
hol hold
ion move nap
kie hold
gol move tys
mid support tun move wes
mun move kie
nth support bar move nrg
nrg support eng move nth
nwy support bar move nrg
rom move tus
ruh support mun move kie
sil move mun
tun move wes
tus move pie
tyr move mun
tys move tun
ven support vie move tri
vie move tri
wes move mid
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
France: supply mun
Russia: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet/dislodged nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
Italy: fleet/dislodged wes
ORDERS
nth move ska
wes move naf
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Russia: fleet nap
Russia: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
