PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move hol
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move tys
par move pic
rom move tus
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
vie move tyr
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move bla
bot move swe
bul move rum
con move bul
eng move bre
gal move bud
hol support ruh move bel
kie move den
mid move spa/sc
nth convoy yor move nwy
pic move bre
ruh move bel
ser move bud
sev move bla
spa move por
tri move adr
tus move pie
tyr move vie
tys move tun
ukr move rum
yor move nwy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lvp
build Army mar
build Army mun
build Army rom
build Army smy
build Army stp
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move alb
ank move bla
bel hold
ber move pru
bre hold
bud move gal
bul move gre
con move bul
den support nwy move swe
eng move nth
gal support ukr move rum
hol hold
kie move bal
lvp move cly
mar support pic move bur
mun move sil
nth move nwy
nwy move swe
pic move bur
por move spa
rom support ven
ser move bud
sev move bla
smy move con
spa/sc move gol
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tun move ion
ukr move rum
ven support pie move tyr
vie support gal
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
swe move bot
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
bal convoy den move lvn
bel move ruh
bot move swe
bre move eng
bud move gal
bul move rum
bur move mar
cly move nrg
den move lvn
eng move nth
gal support rum
hol move bel
ion move adr
gol support mar move pie
mar move pie
nth move nwy
pru move war
rom move apu
rum hold
ser support bul move rum
sev move bla
sil move mun
spa move gas
stp move nwy
swe support nth move nwy
ven support pie move tyr
vie support bud move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
Italy: army/dislodged pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gal move boh
pie move tyr
rum move ukr
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove boh
remove bot
build Army lon
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
alb move adr
ank move bla
apu support ven
bal convoy ber move lvn
ber move lvn
bre move eng
con move bul
eng move mid
gal move ukr
gas move mar
lon move wal
lvn move mos
gol support mar move pie
mar move pie
nth move eng
nrg move nwy
pie move tus
rum move sev
ser move bud
sev support ukr move rum
smy move aeg
stp move nwy
swe move fin
tyr support ven move tri
ukr move rum
vie move tyr
war support lvn move mos
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Turkey: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
rum move ser
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven
aeg move ion
alb move gre
apu move rom
bal hold
bel move hol
bla support ser move rum
bre move mid
bud support ukr move rum
bul support ser move rum
fin support lvn move stp
lvn move stp
gol move wes
mid support nth move eng
mar move pie
mos support lvn move stp
mun move ruh
nth move eng
nrg move nwy
pie move ven
ruh move bel
rum hold
ser move rum
sev support rum
stp move nwy
tus support pie move ven
tyr move tri
ukr move rum
vie move tyr
war hold
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
rum move gal
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
build Fleet nap
remove sev
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri
bla move sev
bre move eng
bul move ser
con move bul
eng convoy wal move bre
fin move nwy
gal move vie
gre support bul move ser
ion move tun
mid support wal move bre
mar move bur
nap move tys
nrg move nth
pie move ven
rom support ven
rum move bud
tri support ven
tus support pie move ven
ven support rom
wal move bre
wes move tun
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: army bre
France: fleet/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bre move gas
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri
alb move adr
bal move lvn
bel move pic
bre move par
bud move vie
bul support ser
bur move par
eng move bre
gas move spa/nc
gre move nap
hol move bel
ion convoy gre move nap
mid move por
nth move eng
nwy hold
pie support tus move ven
rom support ven
ruh move mun
rum move bud
ser support rum move bud
tri support ven
tus move ven
tyr support bud move vie
tys move tun
ven support rom
vie hold
war move ukr
wes move mid
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: army pie
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Russia: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
vie disband
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove alb
build Army ank
build Army ber
build Army con
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Fleet lvp
remove pie
build Fleet smy
remove tus
remove tyr
remove ven
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
ank move arm
ber move pru
bre move gas
bud support ser move tri
bul move rum
bur move bel
con move bul
eng move mid
ion support nap
kie move ruh
lon move eng
lvn move stp/sc
lvp move iri
mos move sev
mun move bur
nth move eng
nwy hold
pic move par
por move spa/sc
ser move tri
smy move aeg
spa/nc support mid move por
stp move mos
tun move ion
ukr support mos move sev
vie hold
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Turkey: fleet/dislodged sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
sev move bla
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
aeg move ion
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
bud move gal
bul move ser
bur move mar
eng move mid
gas support por move spa/sc
ion move tys
iri support eng move mid
lon move eng
mid move nat
mos support sev
mun support ruh move bur
nap move rom
nth move eng
nwy hold
par hold
por move spa/sc
pru move war
ruh move bur
rum support arm move sev
ser move bud
sev support ukr move rum
spa/nc move mid
tun move tys
ukr move rum
vie move bud
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet kie
build Army lvp
remove mar
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr move apu
aeg move gre
arm move sev
bel move hol
ber move pru
bla support arm move sev
bul move ser
bur move bel
gal move ukr
gas move mar
ion move tun
iri move lvp
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move wal
mid move naf
mos support sev
mun move boh
nat move cly
nth move nrg
nwy hold
rum support arm move sev
ser move bud
sev hold
spa/sc move wes
tri move bud
ukr support war move gal
vie move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: army/dislodged gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
gal move sil
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu support rom move nap
bel move ruh
bla support sev
boh move mun
bul move ser
cly move edi
eng convoy wal move bre
gal move bud
gre move alb
ion support nap
lvp hold
mar hold
mos move sev
naf move tun
nrg move edi
par move bur
pru move ber
rom move nap
rum move ukr
ser move bud
sev support rum move ukr
sil move mun
tun move ion
ukr support mos move sev
vie move tri
wal move bre
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
England: fleet tun
Italy: fleet/dislodged tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
tun move tys
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove cly
build Fleet edi
build Army lon
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move adr
apu move ion
ber move pru
bla support sev
boh move gal
bre move gas
bul move ser
bur move mun
edi move cly
eng convoy lon move bre
gal move bud
ion support alb move adr
lon move bre
lvp move iri
mar move pie
mos move sev
nrg move nat
nwy hold
ruh move kie
rum move ukr
ser move bud
sev support rum move ukr
sil move war
smy move aeg
tri move ser
tun support wes move tys
tys support apu move ion
ukr support mos move sev
vie move tri
wes move tys
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: fleet tys
Italy: fleet/dislodged tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
tys move rom
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr support vie move tri
aeg support ion
apu move ven
bla support sev
boh move sil
bre move gas
bul move ser
cly move nat
gal support pru move war
gas move mar
iri move mid
kie move mun
mun move boh
nat move iri
nap support rom
nwy hold
pie move ven
pru move war
rom support nap
rum move ukr
ser move bud
sev support rum move ukr
tri support apu move ven
tun move ion
tys support tun move ion
vie move tri
war support rum move ukr
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Turkey: army/dislodged war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
tri move tyr
war move lvn
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove apu
build Army vie
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg support ion
bla move rum
bud move gal
eng move nth
gas move mar
ion hold
iri move eng
lvn support sev move mos
mid move wes
mar move pie
nat move mid
nap move rom
nwy move swe
pie move tus
rom move nap
ser support bud
sev move mos
tri support vie move bud
tun move ion
tyr move ven
tys support tun move ion
ukr support sev move mos
vie move bud
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: army tus
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ven
aeg support ion
bud move gal
eng move bel
ion support rom move tys
lvn support ukr move war
mid move eng
mar move pie
mos support ukr move war
nap support rom
nth move nwy
pie move ven
rom support nap
ser move tri
swe move fin
tri support vie move bud
tun move ion
tus support pie move ven
tys support tun move ion
ukr move war
ven support rom
vie move bud
wes support tys
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: army tus
England: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Germany: army/dislodged war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: army tus
England: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army con
build Fleet edi
build Army lon
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: army tus
England: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ser move tri
aeg support ion
ank move con
bel support edi move nth
bud support ser move tri
con move bul
edi move nth
eng support edi move nth
fin support stp/sc
ion move tun
lvn support mos move stp
mar move bur
mos move stp
nap support rom
nwy move swe
pie move ven
rom support nap
rum move bla
ser move tri
tri support vie move bud
tun support tys
tus support pie move ven
tys support tus
ven support rom
vie move bud
war move gal
wes support tys
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: army tus
England: fleet tys
England: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ven move apu
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: army tus
England: fleet tys
England: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support apu move ven
aeg support ion
apu move ven
boh hold
bud move vie
bul move rum
bur move par
con move bul
eng move nth
fin support stp/sc
gal support sil move war
ion move tys
lvn move war
mos support stp/sc
mun move sil
nap support rom
nth move den
rom support nap
sil move war
swe support nth move den
tri support bud move vie
tun support tys move ion
tus support ven
tys move ion
ven support tus
vie move tri
war move pru
wes move tys
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: army tus
England: fleet tys
England: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
den disband
ion move gre
vie move tyr
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: army tus
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
England: army ven
England: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove apu
build Army con
build Army edi
build Army lon
build Army lvp
remove tyr
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: army tus
England: fleet tys
England: army ven
England: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
aeg support gre move ion
bel support edi move hol
bla convoy con move sev
boh move vie
bul move ser
con move sev
den move kie
edi move hol
fin support stp/sc
gal support boh move vie
gre move ion
ion move nap
lvn move war
lvp move yor
mos support lvn move war
nap support rom
nth convoy edi move hol
par move bur
pru move ber
rom support nap
rum move gal
sil move ber
swe move bal
tri move ven
tun move ion
tus support ven
tys support ion move nap
ven support tus
vie support rum move gal
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
Germany: fleet/dislodged hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet/dislodged ion
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: army tus
England: fleet tys
England: army ven
England: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Germany: army/dislodged war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
hol disband
war move ukr
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: army tus
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
England: army ven
England: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
aeg support ion
bal support kie move ber
bel move eng
boh move gal
bur move mun
fin move stp
gal move war
hol move ruh
kie move ber
lon move yor
mos hold
nap support rom
nth convoy yor move hol
pru move ber
rom support nap
rum support sev move ukr
ser move bud
sil move ber
tri move ven
tun support tys
tus support ven
tys support tun
ukr support gal move war
ven support tus
vie move tyr
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
England: army ven
England: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Turkey: army/dislodged war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
war move lvn
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
England: army ven
England: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
build Army lvp
remove sil
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
England: army ven
England: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
aeg support ion
bal support ber move pru
ber move pru
bud move gal
edi move nth
eng convoy lon move bre
fin support stp/sc
gal move rum
lon move bre
lvn move war
lvp move yor
mos support lvn move war
mun move tyr
nap support rom
nth move hel
pru move ber
rom support nap
ruh move bur
rum support sev move ukr
sev move ukr
tri move ven
tun support tys
tus support ven
tyr move mun
tys support tus
ukr support gal move rum
ven support mun move tyr
war hold
yor move lon
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Turkey: army/dislodged pru
England: fleet pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
England: army ven
England: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Germany: army/dislodged war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
pru move sil
war move sil
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
England: fleet pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
England: army ven
England: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
aeg support ion
bal move bot
bre move gas
bud move gal
bur move mar
eng convoy lon move bel
fin support stp/sc
gal move war
hel move kie
ion move tys
lon move bel
mos support sev move ukr
mun move tyr
nap support rom
nth convoy yor move hol
pru move lvn
rom support nap
rum support sev move ukr
sev move ukr
tri move ven
tun support tys
tus support ven
tyr support tri move ven
tys support tus
ukr support gal move war
ven support mun move tyr
war support bud move gal
yor move hol
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Germany: army/dislodged gal
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
England: army ven
England: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
gal move vie
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
England: army ven
England: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
