PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move tyr
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move apu
sev move rum
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
apu support ven
arm hold
bla support bul move rum
bot move swe
bul move rum
bur move bel
edi move den via convoy
gal move bud
hol move bel
ion move tun
kie move hol
mid move por
nth convoy edi move den
nrg move nwy
rum move bul/ec
ser move bud
tri move vie
tyr move mun
ukr move sev
ven move tri
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army bud
build Army con
build Fleet edi
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet ven
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu move ven
arm move sev
ber hold
bla support arm move sev
bud support ser move tri
bur move bel
con move bul
den move swe
edi move nrg
gal support sev move rum
gre move ion
hol move bel
kie move ruh
lon move eng
mar move spa/sc
mos support war move ukr
mun support kie move ruh
nap support tun move ion
nth support hol move bel
nwy support den move swe
par move pic
por move mid
rum support arm move sev
ser move tri
sev move rum
spa move gas
swe hold
tri move alb
tun move ion
ven move adr
vie support ser move tri
war move ukr
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Turkey: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
rum move ser
swe move fin
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
alb move gre
bel hold
ber move sil
bla support sev
bud support tri
bul move rum
bur support pic move bel
eng support pic move bel
fin move stp/sc
gal support rum
gas support bur
gre move ion
ion support alb move gre
mid move bre
mos move sev
mun support ruh move bur
nap move apu
nth move hol
nrg move nth
nwy move stp/nc
pic move bel
ruh move bur
rum support mos move sev
ser support bul move rum
sev support bul move rum
spa/sc move mid
tri move alb
ukr support mos move sev
ven support adr move tri
vie support tri
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: army gre
Austria: fleet/dislodged gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gre disband
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove alb
build Army con
build Fleet edi
remove gal
build Fleet lon
build Army par
build Army rom
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
France: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu move ion
bel support bur move ruh
bla support sev
bre hold
bud support vie move tri
bul move rum
bur move ruh
con move bul
edi move nrg
eng move nth
fin move stp/sc
gas move bur
gre move bul
ion move eas
mid move spa/sc
mos support rum move sev
mun move bur
nth move hel
nwy move bar
par support gas move bur
rom move ven
ruh support mun move bur
rum move sev
ser support bul move rum
sev support bul move rum
sil move gal
smy move aeg
tri hold
ukr support rum move sev
ven move tyr
vie move tri
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Germany: army/dislodged ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: army/dislodged sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: fleet/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ruh move kie
sev move arm
tri move alb
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
alb support gre
arm move sev
bar support nrg move nwy
bel move ruh
bla support arm move sev
bre move mid
bud support tri
bur support ruh move mun
con move bul
eas support ion move aeg
gal move bud
gre move bul
hel support hol move kie
hol move kie
ion move aeg
lon move nth
mos support sev
nth move hol
nrg move nwy
par move gas
ruh move mun
rum support arm move sev
ser support rum
sev support ukr move rum
spa/sc hold
stp/sc hold
swe move den
tri support bud
tyr move tri
ukr move rum
ven support tyr move tri
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army/dislodged kie
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
kie move ber
mun move sil
tri move vie
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove gal
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
remove sil
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb support tri
arm move ank
bar move stp/nc
ber move pru
bla move con
bur move mar
con move bul
den move kie
eas move ion
gas move spa
gre move ser
hel move den
hol support den move kie
kie move bal
lon move wal
mid move naf
mar move gol
mos support stp/sc
mun move boh
nth support hel move den
nwy support bar move stp
ruh move mun
rum support ser move bud
ser move bud
sev hold
smy move eas
spa/sc move wes
tri move vie
ukr move war
ven move tyr
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move adr
ank move con
bal support kie move ber
bar support nwy move stp
boh support mun move tyr
bud support tri move vie
bul move rum
con move aeg
den move kie
eas move ion
gre move bul/sc
ion move apu
kie move ber
gol convoy spa move tus
mar move pie
mos support stp/sc
mun move tyr
naf move tun
nth move den
nwy move stp/nc
pru move war
rum move gal
ser support gre move bul
sev move ukr
spa move tus via convoy
tri move vie
tyr move pie
vie move tri
wal move lon
war move lvn
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
Italy: army/dislodged tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
tyr move ven
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove con
build Army edi
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet rom
remove ukr
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ven
aeg support ion
bal move bot
bar support nwy move stp
ber move sil
boh move vie
bud support vie
bul/sc move gre
den move swe
gal support lvn move war
hol move kie
ion move tun
kie move bal
lon move nth
lvn move war
gol support wes move tys
mar move pie
mos support stp/sc
nap support rom move tys
nwy move stp/nc
par move bur
rom move tys
rum move ukr
ser move tri
tun support wes move tys
tus move rom
tyr support boh move vie
ven support vie move tyr
vie move tyr
war move sil
wes move tys
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army tyr
France: army/dislodged tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Germany: army/dislodged war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
tyr move boh
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tyr move ven
aeg move gre
apu move nap
bal move lvn
bar support bot move stp
ber move sil
boh support vie move tyr
bot move stp/sc
bud move vie
bur move mun
edi move den via convoy
gal support bud move vie
gre move alb
ion move tun
kie move ber
gol move tys
mos support stp/sc
nap move tys
nth convoy edi move den
nwy support bot move stp
pie support vie move tyr
rom support ven move tus
swe move fin
tri support bud move vie
tun support gol move tys
tus move rom
tyr move ven
ukr support gal
ven move tus
vie move tyr
war hold
wes support gol move tys
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove adr
remove alb
build Army con
build Army lon
build Fleet mar
build Army sev
build Army smy
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu move nap
bar support stp/sc
ber move bal
boh move vie
con move bul
den move kie
fin move bot
gal move boh
gre support ion
ion support nap move tys
lon move den via convoy
lvn hold
mar move gol
mos support war move lvn
mun support tyr
nap move tys
nth convoy lon move den
nwy support stp/sc
pie move tus
rom support nap move tys
sev support mos
sil move gal
smy move con
stp/sc support lvn
tri support ven move tyr
tun support tys
tus move pie
tyr support boh move vie
tys support pie move tus
ukr move gal
ven move tyr
vie support gal move boh
war move lvn
wes support tys
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu move nap
bal support lvn
bar support stp/sc
boh move mun
bot move swe
bul move rum
con hold
den move kie
gre support ion
ion support nap move tys
kie move ber
gol support pie move tus
mun move boh
nap move tys
nwy support stp/sc
pie move tus
rom support nap move tys
sil support mun move boh
tri support ven move tyr
tun support tys
tus move ven
tyr move ven
tys support pie move tus
ukr move gal
ven move tyr
vie support boh
wes support tys
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army tyr
France: army/dislodged tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
tyr move mun
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army mar
build Army smy
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu move nap
bal support lvn
bar support stp/sc
ber move pru
boh support sil move gal
con move bul
gal support vie
gre support ion
ion support apu move nap
kie move ber
lvn support ber move pru
gol support tus
mar move pie
mos support war move lvn
mun support boh
nap move rom
nwy support stp/sc
rom move tus
rum move ser
sev move ukr
sil move gal
smy move con
stp/sc support lvn
swe move ska
tri move tyr
tun support tys
tus support mar move pie
tyr move pie
tys support tus
ven support rom move tus
vie support gal
war move lvn
wes support tys
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu move adr
bal support pru move lvn
bar support stp/sc
ber move pru
boh support sil move gal
bul move rum
con hold
gal support war
gre support ion
ion support rom move tys
lvn move bot
gol move tys
mar move pie
mos support war
mun support boh
nap support rom
nwy support stp/sc
pru move lvn
rom move tys
ser move alb
sil move gal
stp/sc hold
tri move tyr
tun support gol move tys
tus support tys move rom
tyr move pie
tys move rom
ukr support war
ven support tyr move pie
vie support gal
war support mos
wes support gol move tys
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr convoy alb move apu
alb move apu via convoy
bal support lvn
bar support stp/sc
boh move gal
bot support lvn
con move bul
gal move boh
gre support ion
ion convoy alb move apu
lvn support pru move war
gol support mar move pie
mar move pie
mos support war
mun move tyr
nap support rom
nwy support stp/sc
pie move tus
pru move war
rom move tys
rum move gal
sil support pru move war
tun support tys
tus support mar move pie
tyr support gal move boh
tys support tus
ukr support war
ven support pie move tus
vie support gal move boh
war support mos
wes support tys
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ion
apu move nap
bal support lvn
bar support stp/sc
boh support tyr move mun
bot support stp/sc
bul move rum
gal move sil
gre support ion
ion move nap
lvn move war
gol move tus
mos support war
mun support pie move tyr
nap move rom
nwy move ska
pie move tyr
pru support lvn move war
rom move tus
sil move boh
ska move den
tun support tys
tus move pie
tyr move mun
tys support gol move tus
ukr support war
ven support tus move pie
vie move tyr
war support mos
wes support tys
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
Italy: army/dislodged tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
tyr move tri
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army mar
build Army par
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ven
apu support rom
bal support lvn
bar support stp/sc
boh support gal move sil
bot support lvn
den move kie
gal move sil
gre support ion
ion support nap move tys
lvn support pru move war
mar support tus move pie
mos support war
mun support tyr move boh
nap move tys
par move bur
pie support ven move tus
pru move war
rom support nap move tys
rum move gal
sil support tyr move boh
ska move den
tri move tyr
tun support tys
tus move pie
tyr move boh
tys hold
ukr support war
ven move tus
vie support tri move tyr
war support boh move sil
wes support tys
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu support rom
bal support sil move pru
bar support lvn move stp
boh move sil
bot support pru move lvn
bur support mun
den move kie
gal move boh
gre support ion
ion support nap move tys
kie move ber
lvn move stp
mar move pie
mos support war
mun support boh move sil
nap move tys
pie move tus
pru move lvn
rom move tus
rum move gal
sil move pru
stp/sc move fin
tun support tys
tus move pie
tyr support tus move pie
tys support pie move tus
ukr support war
ven move adr
vie support gal move boh
war support gal move sil
wes support tys
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet/dislodged pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
