PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move ven
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri hold
ven move tyr
vie move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move bla
bot move swe
bud move rum
bul move gre
bur move mun
con move bul
den hold
gal support ukr move rum
ion move tun
kie move hol
mid move por
nth convoy yor move bel
nrg move nwy
ruh move bel
ser move gre
sev move bla
spa hold
tri move adr
tyr support ven move tri
ukr move rum
ven move tri
yor move bel via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army bre
build Fleet edi
build Army kie
build Fleet mar
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/sc
build Fleet ven
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move tri
ank move con
bre move pic
bud support adr move tri
bul move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
gal move bud
hol move bel
kie move mun
mar move gol
mun move ber
nap move apu
nth move hel
nwy move ska
par move bur
por move spa/sc
ruh support kie move mun
rum support bul move ser
ser support adr move tri
sev support rum
smy move aeg
spa move mar
stp/sc move bot
swe move bal
tri support tyr move vie
tun move ion
tyr move vie
ven support tri
war move sil
yor hold
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
France: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ser move gre
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
France: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg move gre
apu move ven
bal support sil move ber
bel hold
ber support bur move mun
bot move swe
bud support gre move ser
bul support aeg move gre
bur move mun
con move aeg
gal support rum move bud
gre move ser
hel support ska move den
ion support gre
gol move tys
mar move pie
nth convoy yor move bel
pic support yor move bel
ruh support bel
rum move bud
ser support rum move bud
sev move rum
sil move ber
ska move den
spa/sc move wes
tri move bud
ven move tri
vie support tri move bud
yor move bel via convoy
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Russia: army ber
France: army/dislodged ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army/dislodged gre
Turkey: fleet gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
ber move kie
den move kie
gre disband
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove adr
build Army con
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
build Fleet rom
build Fleet smy
build Army war
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg hold
apu move ion
bal support yor move kie
bel hold
ber support yor move kie
bud move rum
bul move rum
bur support pic move bel
con move ank
den support yor move kie
gal support rum move bud
gre hold
hel convoy yor move kie
ion move tun
kie hold
lon hold
mun support kie
nth convoy yor move kie
pic move bel
pie hold
rom move tys
ruh support bel
rum move bud
ser support tri move bud
sev move rum
smy move con
swe move bot
tri move bud
tys support wes move tun
ven hold
vie support tri move bud
war move sil
wes move tun
yor move kie via convoy
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
Germany: fleet/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
kie move hol
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move eas
ank move arm
apu move nap
bal support ber
bel support ruh move bur
ber support sil move mun
bot move swe
bud support ser move rum
bul support ser move rum
bur support pic move bel
con move bla
den support kie
gal move bud
gre hold
hel move hol
ion move tun
kie support ber move mun
lon move eng
mun move tyr
nth support hel move hol
pic move bel
pie move ven
rom move tys
ruh move bur
rum support gal move bud
ser move rum
sev support rum
sil move mun
tys move tun
ven hold
vie move gal
wes support tys move tun
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
remove ruh
remove tyr
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move sev
bal move ber
ber move mun
bla support arm move sev
bud support ser move rum
bul support ser move rum
bur support pic move bel
den move kie
eas move aeg
edi move bel
eng move mid
gal support rum move bud
gre move aeg
hol support edi move bel
ion support tys move tun
kie move ruh
lon move eng
mar move gol
mos support sev
mun move tyr
nap move rom
nth convoy edi move bel
pic move bel
pie move tus
rum move bud
ser move rum
sev hold
swe move bot
tun hold
tys move tun
ven hold
vie move gal
wes support tun
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
rum move ukr
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move ank
ber hold
bla move con
bot hold
bud move gal
bul move ser
bur support pic move bel
eas move aeg
eng move bre
gal move vie
gre move ion
hol move bel
ion support tys move tun
gol convoy tus move spa
mid support eng move bre
mos support sev
mun hold
nth move eng
pic move bel
rom move tus
ruh support hol move bel
rum move bud
sev hold
tun support wes move tys
tus move spa via convoy
tyr support gal move vie
tys move tun
ukr support sev
ven move tri
vie move tri
wes move tys
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Russia: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: fleet/dislodged tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Italy: army/dislodged vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
tys move rom
vie move boh
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Russia: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove boh
remove gal
build Army lon
remove pic
build Army smy
build Fleet stp/nc
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Russia: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move eas
ank hold
ber move bal
bot move swe
bre move pic
bud support ser move tri
bur move par
con move aeg
eng move nth
gre support ion
hol move kie
ion move tys
kie move bal
lon hold
gol move spa/sc
mid move eng
mos move stp
mun move ber
rom support ion move tys
ruh support hol move kie
ser move tri
sev move rum
smy move con
spa move por
stp/nc move nwy
tun move ion
tus move pie
tyr move mun
tys support tun move ion
ukr support sev move rum
ven move tri
vie hold
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: fleet pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
France: fleet/dislodged tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
tys move gol
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: fleet pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
ank hold
ber move bal
bud move tri
con move bul
eas move ion
eng convoy lon move bre
gre support eas move ion
hol support pic move bel
ion move tun
kie support nth move den
lon move bre via convoy
gol move mar
mun move kie
nth move den
nwy hold
par move bre
pic move bel
pie move mar
por move spa
rom move nap
ruh support kie
rum hold
spa/sc move wes
stp move fin
swe move den
tri move ven
tyr support tri move ven
tys move tun
ukr move mos
ven move tri
vie hold
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army/dislodged bel
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet/dislodged ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Italy: fleet/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move bur
ion move adr
ven disband
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bur
build Fleet con
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/nc
remove tys
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
ank hold
bal support swe move den
bel move nth
bul move ser
con move aeg
eng convoy lon move pic
fin move swe
gre support aeg move ion
hol support bel move nth
ion move apu
kie move bal
lon move pic via convoy
gol move tys
mos move war
mun move ber
nap move rom
nth move nrg
nwy move nrg
par move bre
pie move mar
ruh move kie
rum hold
smy move eas
spa move mar
stp/nc move nwy
swe move den
tri move ven
tyr move mun
ven move tus
vie move tyr
wes move tun
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: army bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Russia: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
apu support rom move nap
bal move kie
bel hold
ber support bal move kie
bre hold
con hold
den support bal move kie
eas move ion
edi hold
eng hold
gre support eas move ion
hol support kie
ion move nap
kie hold
mun support bal move kie
nth hold
nwy move nrg
pic move bur
pie move gol
rom move nap
ruh support pic move bur
rum hold
ser move tri
spa move mar
stp/nc move nwy
swe support den
tun move ion
tus move rom
tyr move pie
tys support ion move nap
ven support tus move rom
war move sil
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: army bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet/dislodged ion
Russia: fleet kie
England: fleet/dislodged kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Russia: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ion move adr
kie move hel
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Russia: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bel
remove hel
remove hol
build Army mos
build Army par
build Fleet stp/nc
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Russia: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg move ion
ank hold
apu support aeg move ion
ber move kie
bre move lon
bur support mar
con move aeg
den support nwy move nth
edi hold
eng convoy bre move lon
gre support aeg move ion
ion move nap
kie move hel
gol hold
mar move spa
mos hold
mun support ber move kie
nth move hol
nrg support nwy move nth
nwy move nth
par move gas
pie move mar
rom support ion move nap
ruh support nth move hol
rum hold
sil support mun
stp/nc move nwy
swe support stp/nc move nwy
tri support ven
tun move ion
tys support tun move ion
ven support tri
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Russia: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move con
ank move arm
apu support nap
bur support gas move mar
den support kie
edi move yor
eng move bel
gas move mar
gre move bul/sc
hel move hol
hol support eng move bel
ion move aeg
kie support hel move hol
lon hold
gol move spa/sc
mar support gol move spa
mos hold
mun move bur
nap hold
nth move edi
nrg support nth move edi
nwy move nth
rom move ven
ruh support hol
rum hold
sil move mun
spa support gas move mar
swe move nwy
tri move vie
tun support adr move ion
tys support adr move ion
ven move tri
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
England: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Russia: army mar
Russia: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove hol
build Army smy
build Army war
remove yor
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
England: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Russia: army mar
Russia: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
ank move arm
apu support nap
arm move sev
bel move hol
bul/sc move gre
bur move mun
con move bul/ec
den move kie
edi move cly
gas support spa move mar
hel move hol
ion move tys
kie move mun
lon hold
mar move bur
mos move sev
mun move boh
nap hold
nth convoy nwy move edi
nrg move nat
nwy move edi
ruh support bur move mun
rum move bla
sil support kie move mun
smy hold
spa move mar
tri move vie
tun support ion move tys
tys move rom
ven move tyr
vie move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
England: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
Russia: army/dislodged mar
Russia: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mar move pie
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
England: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
Russia: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Russia: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
apu move ven
arm move sev
bel move hol
bla move rum
boh move vie
bud move rum
bul/ec support con move bla
bur support ruh move mun
cly move nat
con move bla
den move kie
edi move lvp
gal support boh move vie
gas move bur
gre hold
hel move nth
kie move mun
lon move yor
mar hold
mos move sev
nat move mid
nap hold
nth move eng
pie move tyr
rom hold
ruh move mun
sil support kie move mun
smy move con
tun move tys
tyr support vie
tys move wes
vie hold
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
France: army mar
Russia: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Russia: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Turkey: army/dislodged vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
vie move tri
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Russia: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
remove bur
remove gre
build Army par
build Fleet sev
build Army war
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Russia: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
ank move rum
arm move sev
bla convoy ank move rum
bre support wes move mid
bud support tyr move vie
bul/ec support ank move rum
con hold
eng support nat move mid
gal move bud
gas move spa
kie move hol
lvp move wal
mid move por
mar support par move bur
mos support sev
mun move kie
nat move mid
nap hold
nth support kie move hol
par move bur
pie move tyr
rom hold
sev hold
sil move mun
tri support bud
tyr move vie
tys move gol
vie support gal move bud
war move ukr
wes move mid
yor move lvp
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
England: fleet/dislodged hol
England: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Russia: army pie
Russia: fleet por
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Russia: army pie
Russia: fleet por
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bre move eng
bur support ruh move bel
eng move lon
gal move bud
hol move bel
kie move hol
lvp move edi
gol move wes
mar hold
mos support sev
mun move bur
nat support wal move lvp
nth move edi
pie move tyr
por move spa/sc
rom move nap
ruh support bur move mun
sev hold
spa move por
ukr support sev
vie support gal move bud
wal move lvp
wes move naf
