PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
con move bul
edi move nrg
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mos move ukr
nap move ion
rom move apu
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
ven hold
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
apu move tun via convoy
bot move swe
bul move gre
con move bul
edi move nwy via convoy
gal support ukr move rum
nth move bel
nrg convoy edi move nwy
sev move bla
ukr move rum
ven move tri
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army con
build Fleet edi
build Fleet lon
build Army mos
build Fleet smy
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
bul move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
gal move bud
lon move nth
mos move war
nrg move bar
nwy hold
rum support gal move bud
sev move bla
smy move aeg
swe move den
war move sil
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bar move stp/nc
bel move hol
bud support rum
den move swe
nth hold
nrg hold
nwy move swe
rum hold
sev move bla
sil support war move pru
war move pru
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet con
build Army edi
build Army lon
build Army mos
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
ank move con
bla move sev
bud support rum
con move aeg
den move swe
edi move nwy via convoy
gre move alb
hol move hel
lon move bel via convoy
mos move lvn
nth convoy lon move bel
nrg convoy edi move nwy
nwy move fin
pru move ber
sil support pru move ber
stp/nc hold
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre move ion
alb move tri
bel move ruh
ber support sil move mun
bul support ser
con hold
fin support nwy move swe
gre move ion
hel support nth move den
nth move den
nrg hold
nwy move swe
rum move gal
ser support alb move tri
sev move rum
sil move mun
stp/nc hold
swe move bot
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: fleet/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Fleet lon
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ber support kie
bot support lvn move stp
bud move vie
bul move rum
con hold
den move bal
edi move nwy via convoy
fin hold
gal support bud move vie
hel support kie
ion move nap
lon move nth
lvn move stp
mun support kie
nrg convoy edi move nwy
ser support bul move rum
smy move aeg
stp/nc move bar
swe hold
tri support ser
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: fleet/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
rum disband
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal convoy swe move lvn
bar support nwy move stp
ber support kie
bot support stp
con move bla
fin support nwy move stp
gal move vie
hel move den
ion move tun
mun support kie
nap move rom
nwy move stp
ruh support kie
rum support ser move bud
ser move bud
swe move lvn via convoy
tri support ser move bud
vie move tyr
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Turkey: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: army stp
Russia: army/dislodged stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
stp move mos
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army con
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
bal move ber
bar support fin move stp
ber move pru
bla support rum move sev
bud support tri
con move bul
den support ruh move kie
fin move stp
ion move tys
lvn support stp move mos
mos move ukr
mun move sil
nth move eng
nrg move nat
rom move tus
ruh move kie
rum move sev
smy move aeg
stp move mos
tri support bud
tun move wes
vie move boh
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
Germany: fleet/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
arm move sev
bar move nrg
ber move kie
bla support arm move sev
boh hold
bot hold
bud move vie
bul move ser
den move nth
kie move mun
lvn move war
mos support lvn move war
nat move mid
pru hold
sev move rum
sil hold
stp move lvn
tri support bud move vie
tus move gol
tyr hold
tys move wes
ukr hold
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove boh
remove bot
build Army con
build Army edi
build Army lon
build Fleet lvp
remove sil
build Fleet smy
remove tyr
remove ukr
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move smy
bla move sev
con move bul
edi move bel
eng convoy lon move pic
ion hold
kie move hel
lon move pic
lvp move iri
gol move tys
mid move gas
mun move ber
nth convoy edi move bel
nrg move nat
pru hold
rum move gal
ser move tri
sev move ukr
smy move aeg
spa/sc move mid
tri move tyr
vie support tri move tyr
wes move gol
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
England: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
aeg convoy smy move nap
bel move bur
ber move mun
bul move ser
eng support pic move bre
gal move war
gas move spa/nc
ion convoy smy move nap
iri support nat move mid
lvn support war
gol move spa/sc
mid move por
mos hold
nat move mid
pic move bre
pru hold
smy move nap via convoy
tri move tyr
tyr move mun
tys move tus
ukr support gal move war
vie move boh
war hold
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
England: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army con
build Army edi
build Army lon
build Army lvp
remove pru
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
England: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank move con
ber move mun
boh move mun
bre move par
bur support bre move par
con move bul
edi move kie via convoy
eng convoy lon move pic
gal move sil
gas support iri move mid
hel convoy edi move kie
ion move tun
iri move mid
lon move pic via convoy
lvn support war
lvp move yor
gol move spa/sc
mid move wes
nap move rom
nth convoy edi move kie
por support gol move spa
ser move bud
smy move aeg
tri move ven
tus move gol
tyr support tri move ven
ukr move gal
war hold
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
England: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
England: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ber support kie move mun
boh support tyr move mun
bud move gal
bul move rum
bur move gas
con move bul
eng support mid
gal move ukr
gas move bre
hel move den
ion move tys
kie move mun
lvn support war
gol support spa/sc
mid hold
mos support war
nth convoy yor move hol
pic move bur
por support spa/sc
rom move ven
sil move pru
spa/sc hold
tun move naf
tyr move mun
ven move pie
war hold
wes move spa/sc
yor move hol via convoy
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Turkey: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army lon
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Turkey: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move pru
boh move sil
bre support mid
bul move rum
bur support gas move mar
den move kie
eng support mid
gal move boh
gas move mar
hol move ruh
ion move tun
kie move ber
lon move bel via convoy
lvn support ber move pru
gol support pie move mar
mid hold
mos support war
naf support tys move wes
nth convoy lon move bel
par move gas
pie move mar
por move mid
pru move war
rum move gal
smy move aeg
spa/sc support por move mid
tyr move mun
tys move wes
ukr support pru move war
ven move pie
war hold
wes move gol
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
England: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Turkey: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
England: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bel move bur
ber support bur move mun
boh support mun
bre move mid
bur move mun
eng move iri
gal support ukr
gas support mar
lvn move mos
gol support pie move mar
mid move spa/nc
mar hold
mos move ukr
mun hold
naf move mid
nth move eng
pie move mar
por support naf move mid
pru move sil
ruh support bur move mun
rum move sev
sev move bla
sil support mun
spa/sc support pie move mar
ukr support rum move sev
ven move pie
war support pru move sil
wes support spa/sc
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
England: fleet/dislodged mid
England: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
Turkey: army/dislodged mun
England: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Turkey: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
mid move nat
mun move tyr
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Turkey: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army con
build Army lon
build Army lvp
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Turkey: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move rum via convoy
bla convoy ank move rum
boh move sil
bre move mid
bur support mar
con move bul
eng support bre move mid
gal move war
gas move spa
ion move tun
iri support bre move mid
kie move hol
lvn support mos
lvp move yor
gol support spa/sc move mar
mid move gas
mar hold
mos hold
mun move kie
nat support bre move mid
pie support spa/sc move mar
por move spa/nc
sev support ukr move mos
sil move boh
spa/sc move mar
tun move naf
tyr move mun
ukr move mos
ven support tyr
war move gal
wes support por move spa
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Turkey: fleet/dislodged mid
Turkey: fleet mar
England: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
England: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Turkey: army pie
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/nc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
mid move por
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Turkey: fleet mar
England: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
England: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Turkey: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/nc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
ber support kie move mun
bla support sev
boh move sil
bul move ser
bur move mar
eng convoy lon move pic
gal move war
gas support bur move mar
hol move nth
kie move mun
lon move pic via convoy
lvn move mos
gol support mar
mid move spa/sc
mar hold
mos hold
naf move mid
pie support mar
por support spa/nc
ruh support kie move mun
rum move bud
sev hold
sil support war
spa/nc support por
tun move ion
ukr support sev
war hold
wes support naf move mid
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
England: fleet/dislodged mid
Turkey: fleet mar
England: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
Turkey: army/dislodged mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
Turkey: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/nc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
mid move bre
mun move tyr
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: fleet mar
Turkey: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
Turkey: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/nc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
