PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank hold
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move apu
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven hold
vie move bud
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move con
bot move swe
bud move gal
bul move gre
bur move bel
con move bul
mid move por
nth move nwy
nrg support nth move nwy
ser support alb move gre
sev support ukr move rum
spa hold
ukr move rum
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
build Fleet bre
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/nc
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
apu move ven
bel move hol
ber move bal
bre move mid
bud support vie move gal
bul move ser
con move bul
den move swe
gre support ser move bul
ion move tun
kie move hol
lon move nth
mar move gol
mos move ukr
nrg support nwy
nwy hold
par move bur
por move spa/sc
ruh move mun
rum support bul move ser
ser move bul
sev support rum
smy move aeg
spa move mar
stp/nc move nwy
swe support stp/nc move nwy
tri move adr
ven move tyr
vie move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg support bul move gre
ank move con
bal move swe
bel move hol
bud support gal move rum
bul move gre
bur move mar
con move bul
den support bal move swe
gal move rum
gre hold
kie move hol
gol move tys
mid move wes
mar move pie
mun move sil
nth support nwy
nrg move bar
nwy support nrg move bar
rum move ser
ser support gre
sev move rum
spa/sc move gol
stp/nc support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tun support adr move ion
tyr hold
ukr move war
ven move pie
war move sil
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Austria: fleet/dislodged gre
Austria: supply gre
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
gre move alb
swe move bot
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet nap
build Fleet smy
remove ukr
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg convoy gre move smy
alb move gre
bar move stp/nc
bel support edi move hol
ber move sil
bot support stp/nc
bud move gal
bul support sev move rum
bur move ruh
con move ank
den move bal
edi move hol via convoy
ion support alb move gre
kie move ber
gol move tus
mar move pie
mun support ber move sil
nap move tys
nth convoy edi move hol
nwy support bar move stp
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev move rum
smy move eas
swe move bot
tun support nap move tys
tyr move pie
tys move rom
ven move rom
war move gal
wes move tun
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
ank move bla
bal support ber move pru
bel move bur
ber move pru
bot move stp/sc
bud support rum
bul support sev move rum
eas move ion
gre hold
hol hold
ion support gre
mar move pie
mun hold
nap move tys
nth move den
nwy hold
ruh move kie
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev move arm
sil move gal
stp/nc hold
swe hold
tun hold
tus move rom
tyr move ven
tys support wes move tun
ven move rom
war move mos
wes move tun
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: fleet/dislodged ion
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bul move con
ion move alb
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bal
remove con
build Army edi
remove gal
build Fleet lon
build Fleet lvp
build Army mar
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move eas
alb move ion
arm support bla move sev
bla move sev
bot move stp/sc
bud move rum
bul move con
bur support kie move mun
den move kie
gre support alb move ion
hol support den move kie
ion support tys move nap
kie move mun
lon move nth
lvp move iri
mar move pie
mos support bla move sev
mun move ruh
nap support ven move rom
nwy support stp/nc
pie move tus
pru move ber
rum move ukr
stp/nc hold
swe hold
tri move adr
tun move tys
tus move rom
tyr move ven
tys support wes move tun
ven move rom
vie move gal
wes move tun
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: fleet/dislodged tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ion move aeg
tun disband
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
arm support sev
ber support ruh move mun
bot support nwy move swe
bur support mun
con hold
eas move aeg
edi move bel via convoy
gal move war
gre support ion move aeg
hol move kie
ion move aeg
iri move mid
kie move den
mar move pie
mos move war
mun hold
nap support rom
nth convoy edi move bel
nwy move swe
pie move tyr
rom hold
ruh move mun
rum move sev
stp/nc hold
swe move den
tun move ion
tus support tys move rom
tys move rom
ukr move mos
ven move tus
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
Germany: fleet/dislodged swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
swe disband
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove bur
build Army edi
build Fleet lon
build Army lvp
remove ruh
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg support gre move bul
ank move con
bel move bur
ber hold
bot move bal
bul/sc support ank move con
con support gre move bul
eas move aeg
edi move bel
gal move war
gre move bul/sc
hol move ruh
ion move nap
kie move ber
lon move eng
lvp move wal
mid move por
mos move war
mun move boh
nth convoy edi move bel
pie move ven
sev move rum
stp/nc hold
swe hold
tus move rom
tyr support pie move ven
tys support ion move nap
ukr support gal move war
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
England: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: fleet/dislodged nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
France: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
England: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
France: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
ank support bul/sc move con
bal support kie move ber
bel move ruh
ber move mun
bur move mar
con hold
eas move aeg
eng convoy wal move bre
gre support aeg move bul
ion move eas
kie move ber
por hold
ruh move mun
rum support aeg move bul
sev move rum
ukr move mos
wal move bre via convoy
war support ukr move mos
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army/dislodged ber
England: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army boh
England: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber disband
mos move lvn
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
remove bal
build Army bud
build Army edi
build Army lon
remove lvn
build Fleet lvp
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support ank move con
ank move con
bel move bur
bre move par
bud support vie
bul/sc move aeg
con support eas move smy
eas move smy
edi move bel via convoy
eng convoy lon move bre
gre support bul/sc move aeg
lon move bre via convoy
lvp move iri
mar hold
mos move sev
nth convoy edi move bel
por move spa/sc
ruh move mun
rum support mos move sev
sev move rum
swe move bal
tri hold
vie support tri
war hold
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet/dislodged aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
England: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
France: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Turkey: fleet/dislodged sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
sev move bla
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
England: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
France: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg hold
ank move arm
bel move ruh
ber hold
bla move bul/ec
bre move par
bud move rum
bur move mar
con hold
gre hold
ion move tun
iri move mid
mar move spa
mun hold
par move bur
rum move bul
sev hold
smy support con
spa/sc move wes
tri move adr
vie move tri
war hold
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Fleet lon
build Army lvp
remove tun
build Army vie
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move con
arm move syr
bla move bul/ec
con move ank
gre move aeg
rum support sev
sev hold
smy support aeg move con
wes move tun
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
England: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bul/ec hold
con support rum move bul
rum move bul
syr hold
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet/dislodged bul/ec
England: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
