PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move sil
bre move mid
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move apu
sev move rum
stp/sc move bot
ven move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bot move swe
bud hold
bul move gre
bur move mun
con move bul/sc
den move hel
gal move boh
ion convoy apu move gre
mid move por
ruh move hol
rum hold
sil move ber
smy move ank
spa hold
tri hold
ukr move war
ven move pie
vie hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army bre
build Army con
build Army mar
build Army mos
build Army par
build Army sev
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
apu move ven
ber move mun
boh support ber move mun
bre move par
bud hold
bul/sc move aeg
con move bul
gre move ser
hel move den
hol move kie
ion move tun
mar move pie
mos move war
mun move ruh
nth move bel
nrg move nwy
par move pic
pie move tyr
por move mid
rum move sev
sev move ukr
smy move eas
spa move gas
swe hold
tri move ven
vie hold
war move gal
yor move lon
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move smy
apu move ven
bel hold
boh support gal move vie
bul move gre
den hold
eas move ion
gal move vie
gas move bur
kie move hol
lon move wal
mid move nat
mun hold
nwy hold
pic hold
pie move tyr
ser hold
sev support ukr move rum
swe hold
tyr move tri
ukr move rum
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
build Army con
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Fleet lvp
build Fleet nap
remove par
build Army war
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move bal
boh support mun
bur support pic move bel
con move bul
den move nth
gal move bud
gre move apu via convoy
hol support bel
ion convoy gre move apu
kie hold
lon move eng
lvp move iri
mun hold
nat move nrg
nap move ion
pic move bel
pie move mar
ruh move bel
rum support gal move bud
ser move tri
sev hold
swe hold
tun support nap move ion
tyr move tri
ven support tyr move tri
vie support ser move tri
wal move yor
war move sil
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ion move adr
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr support ser move tri
aeg convoy smy move gre
bel hold
boh support sil move mun
bud support rum move ser
bur move mun
eng move lon
gre move alb
ion hold
iri move mid
nrg move edi
pic move bre
ruh support bur move mun
rum move ser
ser move tri
sev move bla
sil move mun
smy move gre via convoy
swe move den
tun move wes
tyr move tri
ven support tyr move tri
vie support tri
yor move edi
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army mos
build Fleet sev
build Army war
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg move con
alb move ser
bal move swe
bel hold
bla move ank
boh hold
bre move pic
bud move rum
bul move rum
bur move bel
den move swe
gre support alb move ser
ion hold
kie hold
lon move nth
mid move por
mar move spa
mos move sev
nrg move edi
nwy support lon move nth
ruh support bur move bel
ser support bud move rum
sev move bla
sil move ber
tyr move tri
ven support tyr move tri
vie hold
war move sil
wes move spa/sc
yor move edi
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
England: fleet/dislodged bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: fleet/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
bel move eng
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move alb
ank support bla move con
bal move bot
bel hold
ber support boh move mun
bla move con
boh move mun
bud move rum
bul move rum
con move ank
den move swe
eng move bre
gre hold
hol hold
ion hold
kie move ber
mar move spa
mun support ber
nth move nrg
nrg move edi
nwy support nth move nrg
pic move bre
por support wes move spa
ruh move bur
ser support bul move rum
sev move arm
sil support boh move mun
tri hold
ven support tri
vie move bud
wes move spa/sc
yor move edi
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: fleet/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
France: fleet/dislodged nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
mun move ruh
nrg move nat
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove bot
build Army mos
remove nat
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
remove ruh
build Army sev
build Army smy
build Fleet stp/nc
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move adr
ank move bla
arm move smy
bel move hol
ber move kie
bud support sev move rum
bur move pic
con support arm move smy
eng move mid
gre move bul
hol move kie
ion move adr
kie move den
mos move ukr
mun support ber move kie
nap move ion
nrg move nth
pic move bre
por hold
rom move tus
rum support ser move bud
ser move bud
sev move rum
sil move ber
spa/sc hold
stp/nc move nwy
swe support stp/nc move nwy
tri hold
ven support tri
vie support bud
yor move lon
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Turkey: army/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nwy move ska
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move mun
bla support con move bul
bud support sev move rum
con move bul/ec
ion move adr
kie support swe move den
mid support por move spa
mar move gas
mun move tyr
nap move ion
nth support ska move den
nwy hold
pic support bel
por move spa/sc
sev move rum
ska move den
smy hold
swe move den
tri hold
tus move pie
ukr support sev move rum
ven support tri
vie move tri
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Turkey: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Italy: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bul disband
rum disband
spa/sc move wes
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove ion
build Army mos
build Army sev
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army war
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel hold
bla move con
bre hold
bud support rum move ser
bul/ec hold
gas move mar
kie support swe move den
lon move nwy via convoy
mid move spa/sc
mos move war
mun move bur
nth convoy lon move nwy
nwy move nrg
pic move bur
rum move ser
sev move ukr
ska support lon move nwy
smy hold
spa/sc move mar
stp/nc move bar
swe move den
tyr move tri
ukr move rum
vie support tyr move tri
war move sil
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Turkey: army/dislodged ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bar move nrg
bre move par
bud support ser move tri
bul/ec move con
con move aeg
den hold
gas move mar
kie support den
mun move ruh
nth move edi
nrg move cly
nwy support ska move swe
pic move bur
rum move ser
ser move tri
sil move mun
ska move swe
smy support bul/ec move con
tri move tyr
ukr move rum
vie support tri move tyr
war move sil
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet lon
build Army lvp
build Fleet stp/sc
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg convoy smy move gre
bel move ruh
bud move tri
bur support bel move ruh
cly move edi
con move bul/sc
den move swe
edi support lon move nth
hol move bel
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp support edi
mun move bur
nrg support cly move edi
pie support ven
ruh support kie move hol
rum move bud
ser support smy move gre
sil move ber
smy move gre via convoy
stp/sc move bot
swe move den
tri move ven
tyr support tri move ven
ven support adr move tri
vie move boh
wes support mar move spa
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Russia: army/dislodged tri
Italy: fleet tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
tri move vie
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bel move ruh
ber move kie
bud move tri
bul/sc move aeg
bur support bel move ruh
cly move nrg
den support bot move swe
hol move bel
kie move hol
lvp support edi
mid move bre
mar move pie
mun move bur
nth move den
nrg move nwy
nwy move stp
par move bre
pie support ven
ruh support kie move hol
rum move bul
ser support bud move tri
swe support nth move den
tri hold
tyr move ven
ven support tri
vie support bud move tri
wes hold
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
Russia: fleet/dislodged den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Italy: fleet/dislodged tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
den move ska
tri move adr
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet lon
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support ion
bel move ruh
ber move kie
boh move sil
bot move swe
bul move gre
bur move mun
den support swe
edi move nth
gre move nap via convoy
hol move bel
ion convoy gre move nap
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mid move gas
mar move pie
mun support ruh move bur
nrg move bar
nwy support bot move swe
par move bre
ruh move bur
ser move tri
ska support kie move den
stp move mos
swe support den
tri move ven
tyr support tri move ven
vie move gal
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
England: fleet/dislodged den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
England: fleet gas
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Russia: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
England: fleet/dislodged swe
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
bur move par
den move hel
swe move fin
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
England: fleet gas
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Russia: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bar move stp/nc
bur support mun move ruh
den hold
eng support gas move bre
fin move stp/sc
gal move ukr
gas move bre
gre hold
hel move hol
ion move tun
kie move hol
mar move gas
mos support fin move stp
mun move ruh
nap move rom
nth hold
nwy support bar move stp
par move gas
sil move war
ska support den
swe hold
tri support ven
tyr support ven
ven hold
yor move lon
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: army/dislodged bre
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet fin
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Russia: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bre move pic
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet fin
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army rom
Russia: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
