PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move ven
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move tri
vie move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb support bul move gre
ank move con
bot move swe
bul move gre
bur hold
con move bul
hol support ruh move bel
ion move tun
kie move den
mid move por
nth convoy yor move nwy
nrg move bar
ruh move bel
ser support vie move tri
spa hold
tri support bul move ser
ukr support war move gal
ven support tri
vie move tri
war move gal
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Fleet edi
build Fleet kie
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet rom
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move con
bar support nwy move stp
ber move mun
bre move eng
bul move ser
bur move pic
con move aeg
edi move nth
gal support ukr move rum
gre support bul move ser
hol support kie move hel
kie move hel
mun move tyr
nap move apu
nth move nwy
nwy move stp
par move bre
por move mid
rom move tys
rum move sev
ser move bud
smy move eas
spa move gas
stp/nc support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tri hold
tun move ion
ukr move rum
ven support tri
vie move bud
war move lvn
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb move gre
apu support ion
bar move nwy
bel move bur
bre move wal via convoy
bul support gre move ser
con move aeg
eas support con move aeg
edi move cly
eng convoy bre move wal
gal move bud
gas move bur
gre move ser
hel move hol
hol move bel
ion move alb
lvn move mos
mid move iri
mun support bel move bur
nth move lon
rum support gal move bud
ser move bud
sev support rum
stp support bar move nwy
swe move nwy
tri support ion move alb
tyr move pie
tys support ion
ven support tri
vie move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Austria: fleet/dislodged alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb disband
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army lvp
build Army smy
build Army war
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb move ion
apu support alb move ion
bel move eng
bud support rum
bul support aeg move gre
bur move mar
cly move lvp
con move aeg
eas move ion
eng support wal move lon
gal move rum
gas move mar
hol move nth
iri move wal
lon hold
lvp move wal
mos move stp
mun move bur
nwy hold
pic move par
pie support bur move mar
ser support bul
smy move con
stp hold
tri hold
tys move wes
ven support tri
wal move lon
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
apu move nap
bel move eng
bud move vie
bul move ser
bur move gas
cly support lvp
con move bul
eas move ion
eng move bre
gal move vie
gas move spa
gre support eas move ion
ion move tun
iri move mid
lon hold
lvp hold
mar support bur move gas
mos move stp
nth support bel move eng
nwy support stp
ser move alb
sev support rum
stp support nwy
swe move nwy
ven support tri
war move lvn
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army mun
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move tri
bre hold
bud move vie
bul support ser
cly move nrg
eng move mid
gal move ukr
gas support mar move spa
gre support aeg move ion
ion move adr
lon support lvp move wal
lvn move war
lvp move wal
mid support bre
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun move bur
nap support wes move tys
nth move yor
nwy support stp
par move pic
pie move mar
rum move bud
ser support alb move tri
sev move rum
stp hold
swe move nwy
tri support gal move vie
tun support wes move tys
ven support tri
wal move yor
wes move tys
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ion
alb move tri
bud support alb move tri
bul support ser
bur move par
den support nwy move swe
eng support gas move bre
gas move bre
gre support ion
ion support adr
lon move nth
mid move por
mar move spa
nap support tun move ion
nth move bel
nrg move bar
nwy move swe
pic move bel
rum move sev
ser support alb move tri
spa move por
stp support ukr move mos
swe move nwy
tri hold
tun move ion
tys support tun move ion
ukr move mos
ven support tri
vie support alb move tri
wal move lon
war support mos
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
swe move bot
tri move tyr
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet edi
build Fleet kie
build Army mun
remove pic
build Fleet smy
remove tyr
remove ukr
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
bar support stp
ber move pru
bot move stp/sc
bud move gal
bul move ser
den move kie
edi move nrg
eng move iri
gre move ion
ion move apu
kie move hel
lon move nth
mid move por
mar move pie
mos support bot move stp
mun move sil
nap move ion
nth move eng
par move bur
ser move tri
sev move rum
smy move aeg
stp hold
swe hold
tri move tyr
tun support nap move ion
tys support nap move ion
vie move boh
wal move yor
war move lvn
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
aeg move ion
apu move nap
bar support stp
boh move mun
bot move bal
bre move par
bur move mun
eng support iri move mid
gal support lvn move war
gre support aeg move ion
hel move den
ion move eas
iri move mid
kie support bur move mun
lvn move war
nth convoy yor move nwy
nrg hold
pie move tyr
pru move war
ser move tri
sil support pru move war
stp hold
swe move bot
tri move ven
tun move ion
tyr support boh move mun
tys move nap
ven hold
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ven move rom
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove rom
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu move nap
bal move ber
bar support stp
boh move sil
bot hold
den move bal
eas support tun move ion
eng move mid
gal move war
gre move aeg
ion support apu move nap
kie move ber
lvn support gal move war
mid move por
mos support gal move war
mun support pie move tyr
nth move ska
nrg move nwy
nwy move fin
par move bur
pie move tyr
pru move war
sil support pru move war
spa support mid move por
stp hold
tri move ven
tun move ion
tyr support boh move mun
tys move rom
ven move rom
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: army/dislodged tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ion move apu
tyr move vie
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
apu support nap
bal move ber
bar support stp
boh support vie move tyr
bot hold
bur move ruh
den move kie
eas support ion
fin support stp
ion move gre
kie move ber
lvn support war
mid move naf
mos support lvn
mun move boh
nap support ven move rom
nwy move swe
pru support sil move war
sil move war
ska support nwy move swe
spa move mar
stp hold
tri support vie move tyr
tyr support mun move boh
tys support ion
ven move rom
vie move tyr
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Germany: army/dislodged tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
tyr move pie
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: fleet por
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet ber
build Fleet con
remove eas
remove tys
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: fleet por
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support aeg move ion
aeg move ion
ank move con
apu move nap
bal move pru
bar support stp
ber move bal
boh move sil
bot support ber move bal
con move aeg
den support ber move bal
fin support stp
ion support naf move tun
kie support mun
lvn support bal move pru
mar move pie
mos support war
naf move tun
nap move tys
pie move tus
por move spa/sc
rom move ven
ruh support mun
sil support pru
ska move nwy
smy move eas
stp hold
swe hold
tri support tyr
tyr support boh move mun
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: supply por
Germany: army/dislodged pru
Russia: fleet pru
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Germany: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Germany: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ion disband
pru move ber
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Germany: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Germany: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move apu
aeg move ion
bal support sil move pru
bar move nwy
ber support sil move pru
boh support war move sil
bot move swe
con move bul
den move nth
fin support stp
ion move tun
kie support ruh move mun
mos support lvn
mun move tyr
nap move rom
nwy move nth
pie support mun move tyr
pru move ber
ruh move mun
sil move pru
spa/sc move wes
stp hold
swe move ska
tri support ven
tun move tys
tus move ven
tyr move mun
tys support ion move tun
ven hold
war move sil
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Germany: fleet/dislodged tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: army/dislodged tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
ORDERS
tun move naf
tyr move vie
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support pru move lvn
bar move nwy
ber move sil
boh move gal
den move nth
fin support stp
kie move ber
lvn support mos
mos support sil move war
mun support ber move sil
naf support wes
nwy support ska move nth
pie support tus move ven
pru move lvn
rum move bul/ec
sil move war
ska move nth
stp hold
swe move ska
tus move ven
tyr move boh
wes hold
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Turkey: army/dislodged ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support ber move pru
bar support fin move stp
ber move pru
boh support mun move tyr
den move nth
fin support ska move swe
gal support war
lvn support stp move mos
mos support war
mun move tyr
naf support wes move tun
nth move eng
nwy move nrg
pie support ven
rum move bul/ec
sil move war
ska move swe
stp move mos
war support mos
wes move tun
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Germany: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mos move sev
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Germany: fleet tun
Germany: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army edi
build Army mun
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Germany: fleet tun
Germany: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bal move den
bar convoy edi move stp
ber move sil
boh move gal
edi move stp via convoy
eng move mid
fin move nwy
gal move bud
lvn support mos
mos hold
naf support tun
nth move eng
nrg convoy edi move stp
pie support ven
pru support sil move war
sil move war
swe hold
tyr support ven
war move gal
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Germany: fleet tun
Germany: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Germany: fleet tun
Germany: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bar move nrg
boh support sil move gal
den move nth
eng move mid
lvn move war
mid move wes
mos move ukr
mun move sil
naf support tun
nrg move nat
nwy move stp
pie support ven
pru support lvn move war
sil move gal
stp move mos
swe move nwy
tyr support ven
war move ukr
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Germany: fleet tun
Germany: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Germany: fleet tun
Germany: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
boh support tyr move vie
gal support mos move ukr
lvn support stp move mos
mid move wes
mos move ukr
naf support tun
nat move mid
nth move eng
nrg move nat
nwy move stp
pie move tus
stp move mos
swe move nwy
tyr move vie
ven move tri
war support mos move ukr
wes move gol
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Germany: fleet tun
Germany: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
ORDERS
boh move tyr
bud support rum
gal move bud
lvn move war
gol move spa/sc
mid move por
mos support ukr move sev
nat move iri
nwy move swe
pru move sil
rum support sev
sil move mun
stp support mos
tun move ion
tus move rom
ukr move sev
ven move tri
vie support gal move bud
war move gal
wes support gol move tys
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Russia: army/dislodged bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
Germany: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Germany: fleet tun
Germany: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
ORDERS
bud move ser
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Germany: fleet tun
Germany: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
build Fleet lon
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Germany: fleet tun
Germany: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move kie
bud move ser
edi move nth
eng support naf move mid
gal move ukr
iri support lon move eng
lon move eng
mos move lvn
mun move bur
naf move mid
por move mid
sil move pru
spa/sc hold
stp move nwy
swe move den
tun support wes move tys
tus move rom
tyr move tri
ukr move mos
ven support tus move rom
vie support tyr move tri
war support gal move ukr
wes move tys
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: fleet/dislodged eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Germany: army rom
Turkey: fleet/dislodged rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Turkey: army/dislodged tri
Turkey: supply tri
Germany: fleet tun
Germany: supply tun
Germany: fleet tys
Turkey: fleet/dislodged tys
Germany: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
eng move bre
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Germany: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Germany: fleet tun
Germany: supply tun
Germany: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bre move eng
bud move vie
bur move bel
den move kie
eng move bel
iri move eng
kie move hol
lvn move stp
mos hold
naf move mid
nth support eng move bel
nwy move swe
por hold
pru move lvn
rom move nap
sev support mos
spa/sc move mar
tun move ion
tys support rom move nap
ukr support sev move mos
ven move rom
vie move boh
war support pru move lvn
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Germany: army nap
Germany: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Germany: fleet tun
Germany: supply tun
Germany: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
build Fleet lon
build Army lvp
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Germany: army nap
Germany: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Germany: fleet tun
Germany: supply tun
Germany: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bel support kie move hol
boh move mun
bre move pic
bur support hol move bel
edi move nth
hol move bel
iri support nth move eng
kie move hol
lon support nth move eng
lvn support ukr move mos
mid move bre
mar move gol
mos hold
nap hold
nth move eng
por hold
rom move ven
stp support mos
swe move den
tri support rom move ven
tun move ion
tys support nap
ukr move mos
war support ukr move mos
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Germany: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: army nap
Germany: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Germany: fleet tun
Germany: supply tun
Germany: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bur move mar
den move kie
eng convoy lvp move den
hol support den move kie
iri convoy lvp move den
lvn move stp
lvp move den via convoy
gol move mar
mos support lvn move stp
mun move kie
nth convoy lvp move den
ser move bud
sev move mos
stp move nwy
tri move alb
tun move ion
ven move rom
vie move boh
war move pru
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Germany: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: army nap
Germany: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: supply swe
Germany: supply tri
Germany: fleet tun
Germany: supply tun
Germany: fleet tys
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Germany: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: army nap
Germany: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: supply swe
Germany: supply tri
Germany: fleet tun
Germany: supply tun
Germany: fleet tys
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
bel move ruh
boh move vie
bre move gas
bud move tri
bur move mar
den move kie
edi move nrg
eng move bel
hol support eng move bel
iri move mid
kie move ber
lon move eng
gol move mar
mos move stp
mun support pru move ber
nap move apu
nth support eng move bel
nwy move fin
pic move bel
por move spa/sc
pru move ber
rom move ven
stp move fin
tun move ion
tys support tun move ion
PHASE 1913 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: fleet gas
Germany: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: army nap
Germany: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
England: supply por
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Germany: supply tun
Germany: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: fleet gas
Germany: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: army nap
Germany: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
England: supply por
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Germany: supply tun
Germany: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bel hold
ber move kie
bur move bel
den support kie
eng support bel
gas move bre
hol support kie
ion move aeg
kie hold
gol move mar
mid move bre
mos move ukr
mun move tyr
nth support bel
nrg move bar
pic support bur move bel
ruh move hol
sev move ukr
spa/sc support gol move mar
tri move bud
ven support mun move tyr
vie move bud
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Germany: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: fleet gas
Germany: army gre
Germany: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Germany: army nap
Germany: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
England: supply por
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Germany: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove gas
build Fleet lon
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Germany: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gre
Germany: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Germany: army nap
Germany: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
England: supply por
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Germany: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bar support nwy move stp
ber move mun
den move kie
eng support mid move bre
gre move ser
hol support bel
kie hold
lon move wal
mid move bre
mar hold
nth support bel
nwy move stp
ruh move kie
sev move mos
spa/sc move wes
tri move bud
tyr move tri
ven support tyr move tri
vie move bud
PHASE 1914 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Germany: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: army nap
Germany: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
England: supply por
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
Germany: army/dislodged stp
Germany: supply stp
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Russia: army/dislodged tri
Russia: supply tri
Germany: supply tun
Germany: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
stp move lvn
tri move alb
PHASE 1914 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Germany: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: army nap
Germany: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
England: supply por
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Germany: supply tun
Germany: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move smy
alb move gre
bar support stp
bel hold
bre hold
bur support pic move bel
den move kie
eng support bel
hol support den move kie
kie move ber
lvn move war
mar hold
mun move kie
nth support bel
pic move bel
ruh support pic move bel
ser move gre
sev support rum
stp hold
tri move ser
tys move tun
ven move tri
vie move bud
wal move iri
wes move tun
PHASE 1914 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: army nap
Germany: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
England: supply por
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet smy
Germany: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Germany: supply tun
Germany: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove alb
build Army edi
build Army lon
build Fleet lvp
PHASE 1915 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: army nap
Germany: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
England: supply por
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet smy
Germany: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Germany: supply tun
Germany: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bar move stp/nc
bel move pic
ber support kie
bre support bel move pic
bud move rum
edi move den via convoy
eng convoy lon move bel
hol support lon move bel
iri move mid
kie hold
lon move bel via convoy
lvp move iri
mar hold
mos move sev
nth convoy edi move den
ser support bud move rum
sev support rum
smy move con
stp move lvn
tri move alb
war move gal
wes move tun
PHASE 1915 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Germany: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Germany: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Germany: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: army nap
Germany: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet pic
England: supply por
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Russia: fleet/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Germany: supply tri
England: fleet tun
Germany: supply tun
Germany: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
rum move bla
PHASE 1915 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Germany: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Germany: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Germany: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: army nap
Germany: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet pic
England: supply por
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Germany: supply tri
England: fleet tun
Germany: supply tun
Germany: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
bel move ruh
ber support kie move mun
bla move rum
bre hold
bur move gas
con move ank
den move kie
eng support pic move bel
gal move war
hol support den move kie
iri move mid
kie move mun
lvn move war
mid move wes
mar hold
mos move sev
mun move kie
nth move nwy
pic move bel
ruh support mun move kie
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev support bla move rum
stp/nc hold
tun hold
tys move ion
PHASE 1915 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Germany: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Germany: army gas
Germany: army gre
Germany: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
England: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: army nap
Germany: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet pic
England: supply por
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Germany: supply tri
England: fleet tun
Germany: supply tun
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun move bur
PHASE 1915 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Germany: fleet ank
Germany: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Germany: army gas
Germany: army gre
Germany: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Germany: army nap
Germany: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet pic
England: supply por
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Germany: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bla
build Army edi
build Army lon
PHASE 1916 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Germany: fleet ank
Germany: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Germany: army gas
Germany: army gre
Germany: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Germany: army nap
Germany: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet pic
England: supply por
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Germany: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move con
bel move bur
ber support kie move mun
bre move mid
bur move mar
eng convoy lon move bre
gal move war
gas support bur move mar
gre support ser move bul
kie move mun
lon move bre via convoy
mid move naf
mar move pie
mos support rum move sev
mun move tyr
nwy move nth
rum move sev
ser move bul
tun move tys
ven move tyr
wes move gol
PHASE 1916 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Germany: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Germany: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Germany: army gre
Germany: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Germany: army nap
Germany: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet pic
England: fleet pie
England: supply por
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: supply rum
Germany: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
