PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move tyr
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move ven
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move pie
vie hold
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move tri
bla support bul move rum
bot move swe
bul move rum
con move bul
gal move bud
hol support nth move bel
ion move tun
kie move den
mid move spa/sc
nth convoy yor move bel
nrg move nwy
pic move bur
pie move mar
rum hold
ser support alb
spa move por
tyr move tri
ukr move sev
ven support tyr move tri
vie move bud
yor move bel via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army con
build Fleet edi
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army rom
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/sc
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move adr
bel hold
ber move kie
bla move sev
bul move ser
bur support par move gas
con move bul
den hold
edi move nrg
hol hold
kie move ruh
lon move nth
mar move bur
mun support mar move bur
nap move ion
nth move ska
nwy support nth move ska
par move gas
por move spa
rom move apu
rum support bul move ser
ser move bud
smy move aeg
spa/sc move gol
tri hold
tun move wes
ven move tyr
vie move tri
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bur move par
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg move gre
apu move ven
bel hold
bla support rum move sev
bud move tri
bul support aeg move gre
bur move bel
den support swe
gal move rum
gas move mar
hol move nth
ion move gre
kie support den
gol support gas move mar
mun move boh
nth support bel
nrg move bar
nwy support ska move swe
par move bur
ruh support bur move bel
rum move sev
ser support bud move tri
sev support gal move rum
ska move swe
spa support gas move mar
stp/sc move bot
swe hold
tri move vie
tyr support tri move vie
vie support bud move tri
war move gal
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bar
Italy: army bel
England: army/dislodged bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move pic
sev disband
vie disband
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bar
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Fleet con
remove pic
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/nc
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bar
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ven
apu move ven
bar move stp/nc
bel support ruh move bur
bla move sev
boh move mun
bot support stp/nc
bre move mid
bul move rum
bur move pic
con move aeg
den support swe
gal support rum move bud
gre support con move aeg
hol move hel
ion hold
kie support den
gol move tys
mar move bur
nth move den
nwy move swe
ruh move bur
rum move bud
ser support bul move rum
sev move mos
ska support nwy move swe
smy move eas
spa hold
stp/nc move nwy
swe support stp/nc move nwy
tri support adr move ven
tyr move tri
vie support tyr move tri
wes hold
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
swe move fin
tri move alb
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support alb move tri
aeg move gre
alb move tri
apu move rom
bel move pic
bot support fin move stp
bud support vie move tri
bur move gas
den move swe
eas move ion
fin move stp/sc
gal support bud
gre move alb
hel move nth
ion move nap
kie move hol
mid move wes
mar move gas
mos support stp/nc
mun move bur
nth move nwy
nwy support den move swe
pic move par
rum support ser move bud
ser move bud
sev move bla
ska support swe
spa move gas
stp/nc support nth move nwy
swe support nth move nwy
tri move ven
tys move tun
vie move tri
wes move tun
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove adr
build Army ank
remove bud
build Army con
build Fleet edi
remove gal
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move adr
ank move rum
bla convoy ank move rum
bot move swe
bur move par
con move bul
den support bot move swe
edi move nrg
fin support bot move swe
gre move alb
hel support nwy move nth
hol move bel
ion support tys move tun
mid support spa move gas
mar support par move bur
mos move war
mun move sil
nap move ion
nth support ska move nwy
nwy move nth
par move bur
pic support bur move par
rom hold
rum move gal
ser move tri
ska move nwy
spa move gas
stp/nc support ska move nwy
swe move bal
tri hold
tys move tun
ven move pie
vie move gal
wes move tun
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
nth move lon
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support alb move tri
alb move tri
ank move bul
bal move swe
bel move hol
bla convoy ank move bul
bul move ser
bur move mar
den move kie
fin support swe
gas support mar
hel move den
ion move nap
lon move nth
mid move bre
mar hold
nap move ion
nth move edi
nrg move edi
nwy support bal move swe
par move bre
pic move par
pie support bur move mar
rom move apu
rum support ser move bud
ser move bud
sil move ber
stp/nc support nwy
swe hold
tys move tun
vie support tri
war hold
wes move tys
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bal
Italy: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army con
remove fin
remove nap
build Fleet smy
remove swe
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bal
Italy: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
alb support ser move tri
apu move ven
bal move swe
ber move pru
bla support con move bul
bre move pic
bud move vie
bul move ser
bur move mun
con move bul
den move bal
gas support mar move bur
hol move kie
ion move nap
kie move den
lon support nwy move nth
mid move wes
mar move bur
nth move lon
nrg support nwy move nth
nwy move nth
par support bre move pic
pic hold
pie move tyr
rum move gal
ser move tri
smy move aeg
stp/nc move nwy
tri move vie
tun support mid move wes
tys move nap
vie move gal
war support rum move gal
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
Italy: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet/dislodged nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army/dislodged pic
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
nth move edi
pic move bel
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support bul move apu
aeg convoy bul move apu
alb support tri
apu move ven
bal convoy kie move lvn
bel hold
bla hold
bud move vie
bul move apu via convoy
bur move bel
den move swe
edi move nth
gal support bud move vie
gas move mar
ion convoy bul move apu
kie move lvn via convoy
lon move yor
mun move bur
nth support nrg move edi
nrg move edi
nwy support swe
par move bur
pic support bur move bel
pru move war
ser move bud
swe hold
tri support bud move vie
tun support wes move tys
tyr support apu move ven
tys move nap
vie move tri
war hold
wes move tys
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
Italy: army/dislodged bel
Italy: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
Russia: fleet/dislodged edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Germany: army/dislodged vie
Germany: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
bel disband
edi move cly
vie move boh
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Army bre
remove cly
build Army con
build Fleet lon
remove mun
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
adr support apu move ven
aeg move ion
alb support tri
apu move ven
bal support den move swe
bel move ruh
bla convoy con move sev
boh move sil
bre move par
bud move gal
con move sev via convoy
den move swe
edi move nrg
gal move ukr
ion move nap
lon support yor move nth
lvn move stp
mar move pie
nap support ven move rom
nth move hel
nwy move ska
par move bur
pic move bel
pru move lvn
smy move eas
swe hold
tri support apu move ven
tun move tys
tyr move tri
tys move rom
ven move rom
vie support bud move gal
war move sil
yor move nth
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
England: fleet/dislodged swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
swe move nwy
ven move tus
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven
aeg support eas move ion
alb support eas move ion
bal move kie
bel hold
boh move mun
bur move mun
eas move ion
gal support vie
hel move kie
ion move apu
lon move nth
lvn move mos
nap support tun move ion
nth move hol
nrg move nwy
nwy move swe
par move bur
pie move tus
ruh support bur move mun
sev move mos
ska move den
stp support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tri support ven
tun hold
tus move rom
tyr support boh move mun
tys support pie move tus
ukr support sev move mos
ven support nap move rom
vie support boh move tyr
war support sev move mos
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
nwy move ska
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
build Army con
remove tyr
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg support alb move ion
alb move ion
apu move nap
bal convoy lvn move ber
bel move pic
bla move con
boh move mun
bur move mun
con move bul
den support ska move swe
gal move sil
hel move kie
hol support hel move kie
ion move tys
lvn move ber via convoy
mos hold
nap support rom
nth support nrg move nwy
nrg move nwy
nwy hold
par move bur
rom support nap
ruh support bur move mun
ska move swe
stp support nwy
tri move ven
tun move tys
tus support tys move rom
tys move rom
ukr move war
ven move pie
vie move tyr
war move pru
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support alb move ion
alb move ion
apu support ion move nap
bal move swe
ber support boh move mun
boh move mun
bul move gre
bur move mar
con move bla
den support swe
hol support kie
ion move nap
kie hold
mos hold
mun hold
nap hold
nth support nrg move nwy
nrg move nwy
nwy support bal move swe
pic move bel
pie support bur move mar
pru support ber
rom hold
ruh support mun
sil support boh move mun
stp support nwy
swe support nrg move nwy
tri move adr
tun move tys
tus support rom
tyr support boh move mun
ven move rom
war move gal
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
mun move bur
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
build Army con
build Army edi
build Army par
remove stp
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
adr support aeg move ion
aeg move ion
apu support nap
bal support ber move kie
bel move eng
ber support mun move kie
bla convoy con move sev
bur move mun
con move bul
den support hol move kie
edi move nwy via convoy
gal move boh
gre move alb
hol move kie
ion move tys
kie move bal
mar move pie
mos move stp
mun move kie
nap support ion move tys
nth convoy edi move nwy
nrg support edi move nwy
nwy move swe
par move bur
pie support ven move tus
pru support ber
rom support tus
ruh support bur move mun
sil move mun
swe support kie move bal
tus support mar move pie
tyr support sil move mun
tys support rom
ven move tus
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
Germany: army/dislodged nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
France: fleet/dislodged tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
nwy move fin
tys move gol
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
adr convoy alb move ven
alb move ven via convoy
apu move ion
bal support ber move kie
ber move kie
bla hold
boh support mun
bul move ser
bur support mun
den support swe
eng move mid
fin move nwy
hol support kie
ion move tun
kie support ber
gol support mar move pie
mar move pie
mun support ber move kie
nap support ven move rom
nth support nwy
nrg move bar
nwy support fin move stp
par move pic
pie move tus
pru support ber
rom hold
ruh support mun
sil support ber
stp support fin move nwy
swe hold
tus support rom
tyr support mun
tys support pie move tus
ven move rom
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
England: fleet/dislodged kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
kie move hel
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
