PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move wal
mar hold
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move ven
sev move bla
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move tyr
vie move tri
war move sil
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move tri
arm move sev
bla move ank
bot move swe
bul support ion move gre
con move aeg
eng convoy wal move bre
ion move gre
kie move ber
mid move por
mar move spa
nth move nwy
pic move bre
ruh move mun
ser support alb move tri
sil move ber
tri move vie
tyr move mun
ukr move rum
ven move tri
wal move bre
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Army con
build Fleet edi
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army smy
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support smy move con
ank move con
bre move pic
bud move tri
bul move rum
den move ska
edi move nth
eng support edi move nth
gre support bul
kie move ber
mos move sev
mun support kie move ber
nap move ion
nwy move ska
par move bre
pic move bel
por move mid
ruh move hol
rum support mos move sev
ser support rum
sev move mos
sil support tyr move mun
smy move con
spa move mar
swe hold
tri move alb
tyr move mun
ven move tri
vie support bud move tri
war move pru
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support alb move gre
alb move gre
ank move con
bre move par
bul move rum
con move bul
eng move bel
ion move adr
mid support pic move eng
mar move bur
mos move sev
mun support sil move ber
nth support eng move bel
nwy move ska
pic move eng
pru move ber
rum support ser move bul
ser support bul move rum
sev move ukr
sil support pru move ber
swe support nth move den
ven move tri
vie move bud
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: army/dislodged bel
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: army/dislodged ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Italy: fleet/dislodged gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move pic
gre move ion
rum move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove aeg
build Fleet bre
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army vie
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
bel move eng
ber move kie
bud move gal
bul move con
bur support pic move bel
con move smy
eng support pic move bel
gal support mos move ukr
gre move ion
lon support bel move eng
mid support eng move iri
mos move ukr
nth move den
par move pic
pic move bel
rum support ukr move sev
ser support tri
sev support mos move ukr
sil move war
ska support nth move den
stp/nc move bar
swe support ska move den
tri move ven
ukr move sev
ven move tri
vie support bud move gal
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet/dislodged eng
Austria: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
eng move bre
gal move boh
sev move mos
tri move bud
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
bar move nrg
boh support war move gal
bre move mid
bud move tri
bur support bel
con hold
eng move iri
gal move war
gre move ion
ion move gre
kie hold
lon move eng
mid move iri
mos move sev
mun support kie
pic support bel
rum support sev
ser support bud move tri
sev support rum
ska move nwy
smy hold
swe hold
ukr support mos move sev
vie support bud move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army/dislodged gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gal move bud
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ven
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move alb
bel hold
boh move vie
bre move pic
bud support vie
bur move ruh
con move smy
gal move rum
gre move ion
kie hold
lon move nth
mid hold
mos move sev
nrg move nth
nwy move bar
pic move bur
rum move ukr
ser support tri
sev support rum move ukr
smy move con
swe hold
ukr support mos move sev
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
bel support ruh move hol
boh support gal
bud support vie
bur support bel
con move ank
den support lon move nth
eng convoy wal move bre
gal move rum
ion support alb move gre
kie support swe move den
lon move nth
mid support pic move bre
mos move stp
nrg move edi
pic move bre
ruh move hol
rum move ukr
ser support tri
sev support rum move ukr
smy move con
swe move den
ukr support gal move rum
vie support tri
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
England: fleet/dislodged den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: fleet/dislodged gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: army ukr
Russia: army/dislodged ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
den move bal
gre move bul/sc
ukr move gal
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove eng
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
build Army par
remove ukr
remove wal
build Army war
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
bal move swe
bar move nrg
bel support hol
boh move sil
bre move eng
bul/sc move gre
bud move vie
bur hold
con move ank
den support edi move nth
edi move nth
gal move rum
hol support bel
ion move adr
kie support den
mid support bre move eng
mar move gol
mos support rum move sev
nap move ion
nth move hel
par move pic
rum move sev
ser support bul/sc move gre
sev move mos
stp hold
tri support vie move tyr
vie move tyr
war move lvn
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Italy: fleet/dislodged gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: army/dislodged sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gre move alb
sev disband
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
alb move gre
ank move arm
bel support hol
bur move ruh
con move ank
den move hel
eng move lon
gre support ser move alb
hel move nth
hol support bel
ion support alb move gre
kie move ruh
lvn move pru
gol move wes
mid move eng
mos move lvn
nth support stp move nwy
nrg move edi
pic move bur
rum move gal
ser move alb
sev hold
sil move ber
stp move nwy
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
ven support adr move tri
vie support tri
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: fleet/dislodged gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
gre move bul/sc
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove arm
build Fleet bre
build Fleet stp/sc
build Army war
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ven
alb support bul/sc move gre
ank move con
bel move bur
ber move kie
bre move eng
bul/sc move gre
bur move ruh
den move hel
edi support lon move nth
eng move bel
gal move boh
hel support lon move nth
hol support bur move ruh
ion move tun
kie move ruh
lon move nth
lvn move pru
mun support ven move tyr
nth support den move hel
nwy move swe
pic support bel move bur
pru move sil
sev move rum
stp/sc move bot
swe hold
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
ven move tyr
vie move tyr
war move gal
wes move tun
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Italy: fleet/dislodged gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
nth move ska
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ven
alb move gre
bel move nth
ber support kie
boh support sil move mun
bot move swe
bur move ruh
den move hel
edi move yor
eng hold
gal move sil
gre move ion
hol support ruh move kie
ion move tun
mun support ruh move kie
nth move nrg
nwy support bot move swe
pic move bel
pru move ber
ruh move kie
sil move mun
ska move nth
swe move bal
tri move ven
tyr support tri move ven
ven move pie
vie move tri
wes move tun
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
remove bal
build Army bud
remove pie
build Fleet sev
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army vie
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
adr move apu
alb move tri
ber support sil move mun
boh support sil move mun
bud move ser
con move aeg
den support ska move nth
hel move nth
ion move tys
kie support mun move ruh
mun move ruh
nwy move swe
pru move sil
sev move bla
sil move mun
ska move nth
stp/nc move bar
swe move nwy
tri move ven
tyr support tri move ven
ven move rom
yor move lon
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
apu move nap
bar move nrg
bel support eng move nth
ber move kie
bla support rum
bur move ruh
den move hel
eng move nth
gre support aeg move ion
hel support eng move nth
hol move kie
kie move hol
lon support eng move nth
mun support ruh
nth move edi
nrg move edi
pic support bur
ruh support kie move hol
ser hold
sil support mun
swe move ska
tri move ven
tyr support tri move ven
tys move tun
ven move pie
wes move tun
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet/dislodged nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
nth move yor
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
build Army tri
remove tys
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
bar move nrg
ber move kie
bla move con
den support ska move nth
gre move bul/sc
ion move tun
kie move ruh
mun support ruh move bur
pie move mar
rom support ven move apu
ruh move bur
sil move ber
ska support yor move nth
tri move bud
tyr move pie
ven move apu
vie support tri move bud
yor move nth
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Russia: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Russia: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
France: fleet/dislodged nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Russia: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Russia: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu move nap
bar move nrg
ber move kie
boh move mun
bul/sc move con
bud move rum
bur move gas
den support nth
edi support hel move nth
hel move nth
kie move hol
lon support hel move nth
mar move spa
mun move ruh
nth support bar move nrg
pie move mar
rom support apu move nap
ruh move bur
ser support bud move rum
ska support nth
vie move gal
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Russia: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Russia: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Italy: fleet/dislodged nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
nap disband
rum move sev
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Russia: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Russia: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Russia: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Russia: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bar move nrg
ber move pru
bul/sc move aeg
bud move gal
bur move par
con move bla
den support ska move nth
edi move cly
gal move ukr
gas move bre
hel support ruh move hol
kie move ber
lon move eng
mun move tyr
nth move eng
rom move ven
ruh move mun
rum support gal move ukr
ser move bul
sev move rum
ska move nth
spa support mar
tri move adr
tun move ion
vie move boh
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Russia: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg move smy
bar move nrg
ber move sil
bla support sev
boh move vie
bul move con
cly move nat
den move bal
gal move war
hel move nth
ion move gre
lon move eng
mar move bur
mun move boh
nth support bar move nrg
nwy move swe
pru move war
rum support ukr move sev
sev move mos
ska move nwy
spa move por
tyr move vie
ukr move sev
ven move tri
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: army bre
Russia: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Russia: army par
Russia: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army por
Austria: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: army bre
Russia: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Russia: army par
Russia: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army por
Austria: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
bal convoy swe move lvn
bla support mos move sev
boh move mun
bre move gas
bud move rum
bur support boh move mun
con move bul
eng move bel
gal move war
gre move aeg
hel move hol
mos move sev
mun move boh
nat move mid
nap move rom
nth move hol
par support bre move gas
por move spa
pru move war
rum move ukr
sev support rum move ukr
sil support mun move boh
smy move aeg
swe move lvn
tri move tyr
tyr support mun move boh
ven support tri move tyr
vie support tri move tyr
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Russia: army gas
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Russia: army par
Russia: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Austria: army/dislodged sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army/dislodged tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
sev move arm
tyr move pie
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Russia: army gas
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Russia: army par
Russia: supply par
France: army pic
Russia: army pie
Austria: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move ank
bel support hel move hol
bla support sev
boh hold
bul move con
bur move mar
gal move war
gas support pie move mar
gre move ion
hel move hol
ion move tun
lvn move mos
mid move por
mun move tyr
nth move hol
par support gas
pic move bre
pie move mar
pru move war
rom move ven
rum support ukr move sev
sev support lvn move mos
sil support pru move war
smy move con
spa support bur move mar
tyr support ven move pie
ukr move sev
ven move pie
vie support boh
wes move tun
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Russia: army gas
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Russia: army par
Russia: supply par
Russia: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bar
build Fleet edi
build Fleet lon
build Army lvp
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Russia: army gas
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Russia: army par
Russia: supply par
Russia: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
bal move ber
bel move pic
bla support sev
boh move mun
bul move gre
bur move mar
edi move nrg
gal move war
gas move mar
gre move ion
hol move bel
ion support bul move gre
lon move eng
mos move ukr
mun support sil move boh
nth move eng
nwy move nrg
par move bur
pie support gas move mar
rom move tus
rum move sev
sev support mos move ukr
sil move boh
smy move aeg
spa support bur move mar
tyr support ven move pie
ukr support rum move sev
ven move pie
vie move tri
war support mos move ukr
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Austria: army/dislodged boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Russia: army gas
Austria: army gre
Russia: fleet/dislodged gre
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Russia: supply par
England: fleet pic
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
boh move vie
gre move alb
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Russia: army gas
Austria: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Russia: supply par
England: fleet pic
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move ion
arm support ukr move sev
bel support lon move eng
bla move bul/ec
boh move gal
bre move par
bur support gas move mar
edi move cly
gal support vie move boh
gas move mar
gre support tri move alb
ion move tun
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar hold
mos support sev
mun move tyr
nth support nwy move nrg
nwy move nrg
pic move bre
pie support mar
por move mid
rum support ukr move sev
sev support mos move ukr
spa support mar
tri move alb
tus move ven
tyr support vie move boh
ukr move sev
vie move boh
war move ukr
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: fleet/dislodged alb
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: army/dislodged boh
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Russia: army bur
England: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Russia: army gas
Austria: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
Russia: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move adr
boh move sil
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Russia: army bur
England: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Russia: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove ber
build Army lon
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Russia: army bur
England: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Russia: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move con
alb move ser
arm move ank
boh move sil
bre move mid
bul/ec move con
bur support mun
cly move nat
eng convoy lon move bre
gal move ukr
gas move spa
gre move bul
lon move bre
mid move por
mar hold
mos support ukr move sev
nth move hol
nrg move nat
par move pic
pie support mar
rum support gre move bul
sev support gal move ukr
sil move war
spa move por
tri move adr
tun move ion
tyr move mun
ukr move sev
vie move gal
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet/dislodged bul/ec
Russia: army bur
England: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Russia: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Austria: army/dislodged sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
sev move arm
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army bur
England: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Russia: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move ion
ank move arm
arm move sev
bur move mun
gal support ukr move war
gas move par
mar hold
mos support sev
mun move ber
pic move par
pie support mar
rum support arm move sev
ser move gre
sev support war move ukr
sil move ber
spa move por
tri move adr
tun move wes
tyr move boh
ukr move war
ven hold
war move ukr
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army bur
England: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Russia: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
Austria: army por
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
