PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move ven
sev hold
smy hold
stp/sc move bot
tri hold
ven move tri
vie move bud
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bot move swe
bud move tri
bul move gre
bur move bel
con move aeg
den hold
ion move tun
kie move mun
mid move por
nth convoy yor move hol
nrg move nwy
rom move ven
ruh move hol
ser hold
sev support ukr move rum
smy move con
spa hold
stp move fin
tri move adr
ukr move rum
ven move tyr
yor move hol
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army bre
build Army bud
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Army mar
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army smy
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move alb
aeg convoy smy move gre
bel hold
bre hold
bud move vie
con support gre move bul
fin support swe
gre move bul
kie support ruh move hol
lon move nth
mar move bur
mos move war
nap move apu
nth move hel
nwy move ska
par move pic
por move mid
ruh move hol
rum support war move gal
ser move bul
sev support rum
smy move gre via convoy
spa move mar
swe hold
tri move bud
tun move ion
tyr support ven
ven support tyr
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support gre
alb move tri
apu move adr
bel move ruh
bre move pic
bud move rum
bul move ser
bur hold
con move bul
fin move swe
gal support rum move bud
gre support bul move ser
hel support ska move den
ion move alb
mid hold
mar support bur
mun move ruh
nth support ska move den
pic move bel
rum move bud
ser support bud move rum
sev move rum
ska move den
swe move bal
tyr support ven move tri
ven move tri
vie move gal
war move sil
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove alb
build Army ber
build Fleet con
build Army edi
build Fleet smy
build Army ven
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr support tri
aeg move gre
bal support sil move ber
bel hold
ber move pru
bre move par
bud support vie
bul support ser
bur move mun
con move aeg
den move kie
edi move hol via convoy
gal support rum move bud
gre move alb
hel support edi move hol
hol move bel
ion hold
kie move den
mar move bur
mun move bur
nth convoy edi move hol
pic support bel
rum move bud
ser support rum move bud
sev move rum
sil move ber
smy move eas
swe hold
tri support tyr move vie
tyr move vie
ven move tyr
vie support bud
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
Germany: army/dislodged hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
hol move ruh
vie disband
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr support tri
aeg support eas move ion
alb move tri
bal support ber
bel move ruh
ber hold
bud support alb move tri
bul support ser
bur support bel move ruh
den support yor move kie
eas move ion
gal move war
gre support eas move ion
hel convoy yor move kie
hol support yor move kie
ion hold
kie support ruh move hol
mid hold
mar hold
mun move sil
nth convoy yor move kie
par move pic
pic move bel
pru move lvn
ruh move hol
rum move sev
ser support alb move tri
tri support vie
tyr support vie
vie support tri
yor move kie via convoy
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
England: army kie
Germany: army/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Germany: army/dislodged ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ion move tun
kie disband
ruh move mun
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Fleet lvp
build Army mos
remove mun
build Fleet nap
remove sil
build Army stp
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tyr move tri
aeg convoy bul move apu
alb support ser
bal support ber
bel move ruh
ber hold
bud hold
bul move apu via convoy
bur support ruh move mun
den support kie
edi move yor
gre support ion
hel move nth
hol hold
ion convoy bul move apu
kie support ruh move mun
lvn move mos
lvp move nat
mid move iri
mar hold
mos move war
nap move ion
nth move eng
pic move bel
ruh move mun
ser support bud
stp hold
swe hold
tri move bud
tun move tys
tyr move tri
vie support tri move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr support tri
aeg move ion
alb move tri
apu move ven
bal support ber
bel hold
ber hold
bud support gal move vie
bur move par
den support nth
eng move mid
gal move vie
gre support aeg move ion
hol support kie
ion move adr
iri move wal
kie support hol
mar move spa
nap move rom
nth support den
ruh support bel
ser support alb move tri
stp move mos
swe hold
tri support vie
tyr move ven
tys move tun
vie support tri
war support stp move mos
yor hold
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Germany: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Italy: army/dislodged vie
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
mos disband
vie disband
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army bre
build Army con
build Army mar
build Fleet stp/nc
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move apu
aeg support ion
apu move rom
bal move den
bel move ruh
ber move kie
bre move pic
bud hold
con hold
den support kie
gre move alb
hol support kie
ion support gre move alb
kie support den
mid move wes
mos move war
mun move boh
nat move nrg
nth convoy yor move nwy
par move bur
rom move nap
ruh move mun
ser support tri
sev move rum
spa move mar
stp/nc move nwy
swe support bal move den
tri hold
tun move ion
tyr move ven
vie support bud
wal move eng
war move sil
yor move nwy
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
England: fleet/dislodged den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
den move ska
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support ion
alb move adr
apu support ven
boh hold
bud move vie
bur move mar
con hold
hol move kie
ion support alb move adr
kie move den
mar move pie
mun move ber
nap move rom
nth convoy yor move nwy
nrg support yor move nwy
rom move ven
ruh move mun
ser support tri
ska support kie move den
tri support rom move ven
tun move ion
ven support nap move rom
vie move tyr
war move gal
yor move nwy
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
Russia: fleet/dislodged den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army/dislodged rom
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
rom move tus
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tus move ven
aeg convoy con move apu
apu support ven
ber hold
boh support pie move tyr
con move apu via convoy
den move swe
eng move mid
gal move boh
ion convoy con move apu
kie move ber
mun support pie move tyr
nth move den
nrg support nwy
nwy hold
pic move bur
pie move tyr
rom move tus
ruh hold
rum move bul/ec
ser support tri
sil support ber
ska support den move swe
stp/nc support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tri support tus move ven
tun move ion
tus move ven
tyr support gal move boh
ven support rom move tus
vie support gal move boh
wes move tys
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
Russia: army/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
France: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
swe move fin
ven move pie
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
France: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven
aeg convoy con move apu
apu support pie move ven
ber move mun
boh support ber move mun
bur move mun
con move apu via convoy
den move bal
fin move nwy
ion convoy con move apu
kie move ber
mid move nat
mar move pie
mun move boh
nrg move bar
nwy support swe move fin
pie move ven
ruh support bur move mun
ser support tri
sil support ber move mun
ska support nwy
stp/nc move bar
swe move fin
tri support ven
tun move ion
tus move rom
tyr support mun move boh
tys move ion
ven hold
vie move tyr
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mun disband
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Army mos
build Army par
remove pie
build Army sev
build Army war
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move apu
aeg support ion
apu move nap
bal move kie
ber support tyr move mun
boh move mun
bul/ec move bla
bur support tyr move mun
con move smy
fin support nwy move stp
ion support adr move apu
mar move pie
mos support stp/nc
mun move ber
nat move nrg
nrg move bar
nwy move stp
rom support apu move nap
ruh support tyr move mun
ser move tri
sev move ukr
sil support mun move ber
ska move den
stp/nc hold
tri move tyr
tun move ion
tyr move mun
tys support apu move nap
ven support tri move tyr
vie support tri move tyr
war move lvn
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
England: army/dislodged ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move pru
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg convoy smy move nap
apu support smy move nap
bar support nwy move stp
ber hold
boh move mun
bur move mar
den move swe
edi move nwy via convoy
fin support nwy move stp
ion convoy smy move nap
kie support pru move ber
lvn support stp/nc
mos support stp/nc
mun support pru move ber
nap support tys move ion
nrg convoy edi move nwy
nwy move stp
par move bur
pie move tyr
pru move ber
rom support nap
sil support ber
smy move nap via convoy
stp/nc hold
tri support tyr
tun support tys move ion
tyr hold
tys move ion
ukr move war
ven move rom
vie move boh
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ion move gre
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army par
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support apu move ion
apu move ion
bar support nwy move stp
bur move mun
edi move nwy
fin support nwy move stp
gre support apu move ion
ion move adr
kie move ber
mar move pie
mun hold
nrg convoy edi move nwy
nwy move stp
pie move tyr
pru move lvn
rom hold
ruh support mun
smy hold
swe move bal
tri move ven
tun support ion
tyr support tri move ven
ven move tus
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support pie move ven
aeg convoy smy move bul
bal support pru move ber
fin support stp
gre move ion
ion move nap
kie support pru move ber
nwy move swe
pru move ber
smy move bul via convoy
tus support adr move rom
tyr move tri
ven move rom
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army con
build Army edi
build Army lvp
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support pie move ven
aeg move ion
bal move bot
bar move nrg
ber move sil
bul move ser
bur move mun
con move bul
fin support stp
gre support aeg move ion
ion move nap
kie move bal
lvp move yor
mar move pie
mun move tyr
nap support rom
nrg move nth
par move bur
pie move ven
rom support nap
ruh hold
stp support fin
tri move tyr
tun move ion
tus support ven move rom
ven move rom
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Italy: fleet/dislodged rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
France: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
rom move tys
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
France: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr support ven
aeg move ion
bal convoy swe move lvn
bot support swe move lvn
bul move rum
bur move mun
edi move nwy via convoy
fin support stp
gre support aeg move ion
ion move nap
mun move tyr
nap support tys move rom
nth convoy yor move den
nrg convoy edi move nwy
par move bur
pie move tus
rom support tus move ven
ruh support bur move mun
ser move bud
stp support swe move lvn
swe move lvn via convoy
tri support tus move ven
tun move ion
tus move ven
tys move rom
ven support tys move rom
yor move den via convoy
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
Russia: army/dislodged lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
France: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
lvn move pru
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove bla
build Army con
build Fleet mar
remove tun
remove vie
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move apu
aeg move ion
ank move arm
bal support ber move pru
ber move pru
bud support tri
bur move mun
con move bul
den move ber
fin move stp
gre move alb
ion move nap
lvn support stp move mos
mar move gol
mun move boh
nap move rom
nwy move swe
pie move tus
rom move apu
ruh move hol
rum move gal
stp move mos
tri hold
tus move rom
tyr move tri
tys support nap move rom
ven support pie move tus
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mos move sev
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
alb support tri
arm support sev
bal convoy swe move ber
boh support mun move sil
bud support tri
bul move rum
den move kie
gal move vie
ion move tun
lvn move war
gol move wes
mos move ukr
mun move sil
nap hold
pru support lvn move war
rom support tys move nap
sev move ukr
sil move ber
stp move mos
swe move ber via convoy
tus move ven
tyr support ven move tri
tys move nap
ven move tri
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Turkey: fleet/dislodged nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Russia: army/dislodged sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
nap disband
sil disband
war move gal
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
build Fleet con
build Army edi
remove gal
build Fleet mar
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move bla
arm move sev
boh move vie
bot convoy swe move lvn
bud support tri
con move aeg
edi move nwy via convoy
hol move ruh
ion support rom move tys
kie move ber
mar move gol
mos move ukr
nap move apu
nrg convoy edi move nwy
rom move tys
rum support arm move sev
sev hold
sil move gal
smy move eas
stp move mos
swe move lvn via convoy
tri support vie
tun move ion
tus move ven
tyr support ven move tri
ven move tri
vie support tri
war support sil move gal
wes move tun
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support tun move ion
apu move adr
bla support sev
boh move vie
bud support rum
eas support tun move ion
gal support boh move vie
gre support tun move ion
ion support tys move tun
gol move tys
mos support ukr
nwy move swe
ruh move mun
rum hold
sev hold
tri support vie
tun move ion
tyr support ven move tri
tys move tun
ukr support gal
ven move tri
vie support tri
war support gal
wes support tys move tun
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet/dislodged ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
France: army tri
Turkey: army/dislodged tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ion move apu
tri move ser
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army mar
build Fleet nap
build Army par
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tys move ion
aeg support ion
apu support tys move ion
bla support sev
bud support rum
eas support ion
gal move bud
gre support ion
ion hold
mos support ukr
mun move boh
nap support tys move ion
nth move eng
par move bur
rum support bud
ser support bud
sev support rum
tri support gal move bud
tun support tys move ion
tus move pie
tys move ion
ukr move rum
vie support gal move bud
war move gal
wes move tys
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
France: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: supply war
ORDERS
ion move alb
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
France: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg support gre move ion
alb move tri
apu support ion
bal convoy swe move lvn
ber move sil
bla support sev
bud support tri move ser
bur move mun
eas support gre move ion
eng move mid
gal move rum
gre move ion
ion move alb
lvn move mos
mar move pie
mos move sev
nap support ion
pie move tyr
pru move war
rum move bud
ser move rum
sev support ser move rum
swe move lvn via convoy
tri move ser
tun support ion
tyr move tri
tys move ion
ukr support mos move sev
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
France: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet/dislodged ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
ion disband
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Fleet rom
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support ion
alb move tri
apu support tys move ion
bla support sev
bre move mid
bud support gal move rum
eas support ion
gal move rum
ion hold
lvn move mos
mid move wes
mos move sev
nap support tys move ion
pie move tyr
rom move tys
rum move bud
ser move rum
sev support ser move rum
sil move war
tri move alb
tun support tys move ion
tyr move tri
tys move ion
ukr support gal move rum
ven move adr
war move gal
PHASE 1913 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army rum
Turkey: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ion move gre
rum move bul
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ion move alb
aeg support ser move bul
alb move ion
apu support tys move ion
bla convoy sev move ank
bud move ser
bul move con
eas support alb move ion
gal support rum
gre support ser move bul
ion move alb
mid move wes
mar move pie
mos move sev
nap support tys move ion
pie move tyr
rum support bud move ser
ser move bul
sev move ank via convoy
tri support bud move ser
tun support tys move ion
tyr move vie
tys move ion
ukr support rum
vie move bud
wes move gol
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
England: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove alb
remove bla
build Fleet bre
build Army edi
remove gre
build Army lvp
build Fleet mar
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
England: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ion move alb
aeg move gre
ank move arm
apu support ion
boh move vie
bot convoy swe move lvn
bud move ser
bul hold
con support bul
eas move ion
edi move nwy via convoy
ion move alb
lvn move mos
lvp move edi
mar move pie
mun move boh
nap support tun move ion
nrg convoy edi move nwy
pie move tyr
rum move bul
ser move gre
sev move arm
swe move lvn via convoy
tri move alb
tun move ion
tyr move tri
ukr move sev
vie move bud
war move ukr
wes move tys
PHASE 1914 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
adr move alb
aeg move gre
alb move gre
ank move arm
apu support ion
boh move vie
bud move ser
bul support aeg move gre
con support bul
eas move ion
ion support alb move gre
lvn move war
nap move rom
nwy move swe
rum move bul
ser move gre
sev move arm
ukr move sev
vie move bud
war move ukr
PHASE 1915 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
adr move alb
aeg move gre
alb move gre
ank move arm
apu support ion
bul support aeg move gre
con support bul
eas move ion
ion support alb move gre
lvn move war
rum move bul
sev move arm
ukr move sev
war move ukr
PHASE 1915 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move gre
alb support ion move gre
ank move arm
apu support ion
bul support aeg move gre
con support bul
eas move ion
ion move gre
lvn move war
rum move bul
sev move arm
ukr move sev
war move ukr
PHASE 1915 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
remove eas
build Fleet nap
PHASE 1916 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tys move ion
aeg support bul
alb support gre
ank move arm
con support bul
gal move rum
gre support nap move ion
nap move ion
rom move nap
rum move bul
sev move arm
ukr move sev
PHASE 1916 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
adr move alb
aeg move gre
alb move gre
ank move arm
boh move vie
bud move ser
bul hold
con support bul
gre move aeg
ion support gre move aeg
gol move wes
mar move gol
ser move bul
sev move arm
tyr move boh
ukr move sev
vie move bud
PHASE 1916 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet/dislodged aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move eas
PHASE 1917 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support ion move eas
alb support gre
ank move arm
boh move vie
bud move ser
bul move con
con move smy
eas support con move smy
gre support aeg
ion move eas
nap move ion
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev move arm
ukr move sev
vie move bud
PHASE 1917 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
France: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Turkey: fleet/dislodged eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
eas move syr
PHASE 1917 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
France: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: fleet syr
France: army tri
France: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support eas move smy
alb move ion
ank support con
bud move ser
bul move con
con support syr move smy
eas move smy
ion move eas
ser move bul
sev move arm
smy move arm
syr move smy
ukr move sev
vie move bud
PHASE 1917 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
France: army bul
France: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: fleet syr
France: army tri
France: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army mar
remove syr
build Army ven
PHASE 1918 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
France: army bul
France: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move con
ank move arm
bul support aeg move con
con move bul
eas support smy
ion move tun
sev move arm
smy support aeg move con
PHASE 1918 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
France: army bul
France: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move arm
bul support smy move con
con move bla
eas move smy
gol move tys
sev move arm
smy move con
tys move ion
PHASE 1918 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
France: army bul
France: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet nap
PHASE 1919 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
France: army bul
France: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move con
bla move ank
con support bla move ank
sev move arm
PHASE 1919 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet apu
England: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
France: army bul
France: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bud hold
bul hold
ser support bul
tri hold
tyr support tri
vie support bud
PHASE 1919 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet apu
England: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
France: army bul
France: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army rom
PHASE 1920 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet apu
England: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
France: army bul
France: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1920 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet apu
England: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
France: army bul
France: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1921 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet apu
England: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
France: army bul
France: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
