PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move eng
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun move tyr
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move ven
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move fin
tri move alb
ven move tyr
vie move tri
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
bla move sev
bul move gre
con move bul
den hold
eng move mid
fin move swe
ion move tun
kie move hol
mun move tyr
nth move hol
nrg move nwy
pic move bel
rom move ven
rum move sev
ser support alb move gre
spa hold
stp move fin
tri support mun move tyr
ven move tyr
war move ukr
yor move lon
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Fleet edi
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army sev
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel hold
bla support bul move rum
bre move pic
bud move ser
bul move rum
con move bul
den hold
edi move nth
fin support stp/nc move nwy
gre support ser move bul
kie move hol
lon hold
mid move wes
mun move tyr
nap support tun move ion
nth move hel
nwy move ska
par move bur
rom support ven
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev move arm
smy move aeg
spa move mar
stp/nc move nwy
swe support stp/nc move nwy
tri move ven
tun move ion
tyr move pie
ukr move sev
ven hold
vie support mun move tyr
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Germany: army pie
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
arm move ank
bel move hol
bla support con move bul
bul hold
bur move mun
con move bul
den move kie
fin support nwy
gre support bul
hel support lon move hol
hol hold
ion move adr
mar move pie
nap move ion
nth convoy lon move hol
nwy support swe move ska
pic move bel
pie support tyr move ven
rom support ven
rum move bud
ser support bul
sev move rum
ska move den
swe move ska
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
ven hold
vie move bud
wes move gol
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Germany: army pie
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove aeg
build Army bud
remove hol
build Army par
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army war
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Germany: army pie
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
ank move con
bel support lon move hol
bla move ank
bud support ser move rum
bul support ser move rum
con move bul
den support hel move kie
fin move swe
gre move ion
hel move kie
ion move eas
kie move den
gol support mar move pie
mar move pie
mun hold
nth convoy lon move hol
nwy move nrg
par move bur
pic hold
pie move ven
rom support ven
rum support con move bul
ser move rum
sev move arm
ska support kie move den
stp/nc move nwy
tri hold
tyr support pie move ven
ven hold
vie support tri
war move ukr
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: fleet/dislodged den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army pie
Germany: army/dislodged pie
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Turkey: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
den move hel
pie move tus
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army pie
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven
ank support arm move smy
arm move smy
bel hold
bla support con move ank
bud move ser
bur move ruh
con move ank
den hold
eas move smy
gre move ion
hel move hol
kie support hel move hol
gol move tus
mun hold
nth move edi
nrg move edi
nwy move nth
pic move eng
pie support gol move tus
rom support ven
rum support bul
ska support nwy move nth
swe move nwy
tri support tus move ven
tus move ven
tyr support tus move ven
ukr move sev
ven hold
vie support tri
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nth move hel
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army con
build Fleet edi
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
ank move smy
arm move sev
bel hold
bla support con move bul
bud move ser
con move bul
den hold
eas move aeg
eng hold
hel move den
hol support kie
ion move tun
kie support hel move den
lon move yor
mun move tyr
nth move edi
nrg support nth move edi
pie support mun move tyr
rom move nap
ruh move mun
rum support bul
ser move gre
sev move ukr
ska move nth
tus move tys
tyr move boh
vie support tri
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
England: fleet/dislodged edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
edi move cly
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
bel hold
bla support sev move rum
boh move sil
bul support rum
cly support yor move edi
con move bul
den hold
edi hold
eng move mid
hol hold
ion move tun
kie move ber
mun hold
nap move rom
nth move lon
nrg support edi
nwy move swe
pie move tyr
ser support gre
sev move rum
smy hold
tyr move tri
tys support ion move tun
ukr support sev move rum
ven support tyr move tri
vie support tri
yor move edi
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Austria: fleet/dislodged tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
rum move bud
tun move wes
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army con
build Army mos
remove sil
build Fleet stp/sc
build Army war
remove wes
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bel hold
ber move bal
bla move con
bud move rum
bul move ser
cly support yor move edi
con move bul
den support hol move nth
edi hold
gre support ser move bul
hol move nth
lon hold
mid move por
mos move stp
mun move kie
nrg move cly
pie move tyr
rum support bul move ser
ser move bul
smy hold
stp/sc move bot
swe hold
tri support ven
tun move ion
tyr move mun
tys move gol
ukr support rum
ven support tyr move tri
vie move gal
war move gal
yor move edi
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
England: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bal move den
bel move hol
bla convoy con move sev
bot support swe
bud support bul move rum
bul move rum
cly support yor move edi
den move hel
edi hold
gre hold
ion support aeg move gre
kie hold
lon move nth
gol move tys
mun move ber
nth support yor move edi
nrg support edi
rum support bul move ser
ser support gre
smy hold
stp move fin
swe hold
tri hold
tyr move mun
ukr move gal
ven move tri
vie support tri
war support ukr move gal
yor move edi
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
England: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
rum move sev
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet bre
remove cly
remove hel
build Fleet mar
remove nth
remove nrg
build Army par
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move gre
ber move sil
bla convoy ank move sev
bot move swe
bre move eng
bud move rum
cly move edi
con move bul
edi move cly
fin move stp
gal move rum
gre support ser move bul
hol move kie
ion support aeg move gre
kie move mun
lon move yor
mar move gol
mun move boh
par move bur
por move spa/sc
rom move ven
rum support ank move sev
ser move bul
sev support gal move rum
smy move arm
swe move fin
tri support vie move tyr
ven move tyr
vie move tyr
yor support cly move edi
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army/dislodged gre
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Turkey: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
gre move alb
rum move ukr
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move con
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
boh support mun move tyr
bud move vie
bur move bel
cly move edi
con move bul
edi move cly
fin move stp
gre hold
ion support gre
kie hold
lon move yor
gol hold
mun move tyr
rom support ven
rum support sev
ser support alb move gre
sev support rum
sil move gal
spa/sc move wes
stp move mos
swe move den
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
tys hold
ukr support arm move sev
ven hold
war move ukr
yor support cly move edi
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
England: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Austria: army/dislodged tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
tyr move pie
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove con
build Army mar
build Fleet nap
remove pie
remove yor
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move ser
arm move sev
bel hold
bla support arm move sev
boh move vie
bul move rum
den hold
edi move cly
eng hold
gal support boh move vie
gre hold
ion support gre
kie hold
lon move wal
gol move tus
mar move pie
mos support sev
rum support sev
ser move bud
sev support rum
stp move lvn
tri support vie
tyr support boh move vie
tys support wes move tun
ukr support arm move sev
ven support tyr move tri
vie hold
war move ukr
wes move tun
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bel move ruh
bla support arm move sev
bud move vie
bul move ser
gal hold
ion move aeg
kie move mun
lvn move war
mos support sev
nap support rom
pie move tyr
rum move bul
ser move bud
sev hold
tri support bud move vie
tun hold
tus move rom
tyr move tri
tys support tus move rom
ukr support arm move sev
vie support tyr move tri
wal move lvp
war move ukr
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove cly
remove gre
build Fleet mar
build Army par
build Army stp
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
bla support ukr move rum
bud move vie
bul support ukr move rum
eng hold
gal support vie
lvn move war
mar move gol
mos support sev
mun move tyr
nap move ion
par move bur
pie support tyr move ven
ruh move mun
rum support war move ukr
ser move bul
sev support rum
stp move lvn
tri support bud move vie
tun move ion
tus move rom
tyr move ven
tys support tus move rom
ukr move rum
vie hold
war move ukr
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army/dislodged rom
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
rom move apu
ven move tus
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu support tus move rom
bla move con
bud support tri
bul move gre
bur move mun
edi move yor
eng hold
gal support rum move bud
lvn move mos
lvp move wal
gol move tus
mos move sev
mun move boh
nap support tus move rom
pie support gol move tus
rom move nap
rum move bud
ser support tri
sev move rum
tri hold
tun move ion
tus move rom
tyr support ven
tys support rom move nap
ukr support sev move rum
ven hold
vie support gal move bud
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove apu
build Army mar
build Fleet stp/nc
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
ank support con move smy
boh hold
bud move ser
con move smy
eng hold
gal move sil
gre hold
ion move alb
mar move pie
mos move ukr
mun hold
nap support tus move rom
pie move tyr
rom move tun
rum support bud move ser
ser support tri move bud
sev move arm
smy hold
stp/nc move bar
tri move bud
tus move rom
tyr move tri
tys convoy rom move tun
ukr move rum
ven support tyr move tri
vie support tyr move tri
wal move lon
war hold
yor move nth
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Italy: fleet/dislodged smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ser move bul
smy move aeg
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support alb move gre
alb move gre
ank move con
arm move sev
bar move nrg
boh hold
bud move ser
bul support bud move ser
gre hold
mos support sev
mun support boh
nap move ion
pie move tus
rom hold
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev support ukr move rum
sil hold
smy hold
tri hold
tyr support vie
tys move nap
ukr move rum
ven support tri
vie hold
war move gal
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove aeg
build Fleet bre
build Fleet mar
build Army par
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army war
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
boh hold
bre move eng
bul support rum move ser
eng move iri
gal move bud
gre hold
ion move aeg
mar move gol
mos hold
mun support sil
nap move ion
nth move nrg
nrg move nat
par move bur
rom move nap
rum move ser
ser move bud
sev move arm
sil hold
smy move aeg
stp/nc move bar
tri hold
tun hold
tus move rom
tyr support vie
ukr move gal
ven support tri
vie hold
war hold
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ser disband
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm hold
boh move sil
bul move con
bur move bel
con hold
eng move nth
gal move bud
gre move aeg
ion move eas
iri move eng
mos move lvn
mun move kie
nap move ion
rom move nap
sev move arm
sil move ber
smy move aeg
tun hold
tus move ven
tyr move boh
ukr move gal
ven move tyr
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet eas
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army mos
build Fleet stp/nc
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet eas
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bar move nrg
bel move wal
boh move sil
bul move con
con move bul
eng convoy bel move wal
gre move aeg
ion move gre
kie move den
mos move stp
nat move mid
nap move ion
nth support kie move den
nrg move nat
sev move arm
sil move pru
smy move aeg
stp/nc move bar
tun hold
tyr move boh
ven move tyr
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
Russia: fleet/dislodged den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet eas
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Russia: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army pru
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
den move swe
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet eas
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Russia: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army pru
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bar convoy stp move por
ber move sil
boh support sil move gal
bud support ser move tri
con move bul
den hold
eas move smy
eng move lon
gal support war move sil
gre move aeg
ion move adr
lvn move pru
mid convoy stp move por
nat convoy stp move por
nap move ion
nth support den
nrg convoy stp move por
pru hold
ser move tri
sev move arm
sil move gal
smy move aeg
stp move por
swe move den
tri move alb
tun hold
tyr move tri
vie support sil move gal
wal support eng move lon
war move sil
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet eas
Russia: supply edi
France: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
Russia: fleet/dislodged lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Russia: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Russia: army por
France: supply por
France: army pru
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
France: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gal move rum
lon move yor
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: fleet eas
Russia: supply edi
France: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Russia: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Russia: army por
Russia: supply por
France: army pru
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
adr move tri
alb move ser
bar move nrg
ber support pru
boh support vie
bud support rum move gal
con support gre move bul/sc
den move nwy
eas move aeg
gal move bud
gre move bul/sc
ion convoy tun move nap
lon move eng
lvn move pru
gol hold
mid move spa/sc
nat move lvp
nth support den move nwy
nrg move edi
por support mid move spa/sc
pru hold
rum move gal
swe move den
tri support bud
tun move nap
tyr support adr move tri
vie support gal move bud
wal move lvp
war support lvn move pru
yor move nth
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
France: army bud
Russia: army/dislodged bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army/dislodged bul
Russia: supply bul
France: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Russia: army por
Russia: supply por
France: army pru
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
France: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army/dislodged tri
France: fleet tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
bud move rum
bul disband
tri move ven
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
France: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Russia: army por
Russia: supply por
France: army pru
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
France: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
France: fleet tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ber move sil
boh move gal
bul/sc hold
bud support boh move gal
den hold
edi move nth
eng move mid
gal move bud
ion move tun
lvn support war move pru
nat move lvp
nap move rom
nth hold
nrg move nwy
por move spa
pru hold
rum support gal move bud
ser hold
sev support rum
spa/sc move mar
swe support nrg move nwy
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
ven move rom
vie support bud
wal move lvp
war move pru
yor support edi move nth
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
France: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
France: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Russia: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
France: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Russia: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: army/dislodged pru
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
France: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
France: fleet tri
Russia: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army ven
Russia: army/dislodged ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
gal move war
nth move ska
pru move ber
ven move pie
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
France: supply bul
France: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: army gal
France: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Russia: fleet mar
Russia: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Russia: army pie
Russia: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
France: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army spa
Russia: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
France: fleet tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
