PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mos support war
mun move sil
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move nap
smy move con
ven move tri
war move sil
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bla move rum
bul hold
con hold
den move swe
ion convoy nap move tun
kie move hol
mid move por
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move sil
nap move tun
nth convoy yor move nwy
nrg move bar
pic move bel
sev move bla
stp/sc move bot
ven move tri
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Fleet kie
build Army mar
build Army nap
build Army par
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move bla
bar support yor move nwy
ber move pru
bre move eng
bul move ser
con move bul
hol move ruh
ion convoy tun move alb
kie move den
mar move bur
nap move apu
nth convoy yor move nwy
par move pic
por move mid
rum move sev
sil support ber move pru
smy move con
spa move mar
swe move bot
tun move alb via convoy
ven move tri
yor move nwy
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move tri
ank move bla
apu move gre via convoy
bar move nwy
bel move hol
bul move gre
bur move mun
con move aeg
den support swe
eng convoy pic move wal
ion convoy apu move gre
mid move iri
mar move pie
nth move lon
nwy move stp
pru move war
ruh move mun
ser support tri
sev support ank move bla
sil support pru move war
swe support den
ven support alb move tri
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet/dislodged bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet bre
build Army con
build Army edi
build Fleet lvp
build Army mun
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg convoy con move gre
alb support apu move gre
ank move rum via convoy
apu move gre via convoy
bla support ank move rum
bre move eng
bul support con move gre
bur move ruh
con move gre via convoy
den move hel
edi move lvp
eng move bel
hol support bur move ruh
ion convoy apu move gre
iri move wal
lon support lvp move wal
lvp move wal
mun support ruh move bur
nwy move nth
pic move bur
pie move tyr
ruh move bur
ser support tri
sev support ank move rum
sil move ber
stp move nwy
swe move den
ven support pie move tyr
war move mos
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul move gre
alb move tri
ank move rum via convoy
apu move gre via convoy
bel support eng move nth
ber support mun
bla convoy ank move rum
bul move gre
bur move ruh
con move bul
den move kie
eng move nth
hel support ruh move hol
hol move kie
ion convoy apu move gre
iri move nat
lon move eng
lvp support wal
nth support ruh move hol
nwy move swe
ruh move hol
ser support tri
sev hold
tyr support alb move tri
ven support alb move tri
wal support lon move eng
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: fleet/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
nth move nrg
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Fleet nap
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
apu move alb via convoy
bel support nth move hol
ber move mun
bla move con
bul support gre move ser
den move nth
eng move mid
gre move ser
hel support den move nth
hol support mun move ruh
ion convoy apu move alb
kie support mun move ruh
lon hold
lvp hold
mos move war
mun move ruh
nat move mid
nap move apu
nth move hol
nrg move edi
pic move bre
ruh support nth move hol
rum support ser move bud
ser move bud
smy move eas
swe move nwy
tri support bud
tyr move boh
ven move tyr
wal move iri
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
France: army/dislodged ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ruh move bur
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb move gre
apu support ion
bel support hol
boh move vie
bre move pic
bul support aeg move gre
bur support bel
con move aeg
eas support aeg move ion
edi support nth
eng move mid
gre move alb
hel move hol
hol move kie
ion support alb move gre
iri support eng move mid
kie support mun
lon move eng
lvp hold
mun support ruh move bur
nat move mid
nth support hel move hol
nwy hold
ruh move bur
rum support ser
ser support gre
sev move bla
tri support bud
tyr support boh move vie
war move sil
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bur move mar
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Army par
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb support tri
apu support ion
bel move eng
ber move kie
bre support nat move mid
bul support ser
bur move gas
con move aeg
eas move ion
edi move nth
eng move pic
gre move alb
hol support nth move bel
ion hold
iri support eng
kie move ruh
lvp hold
mid hold
mar move pie
mun support sil move boh
nat move mid
nth move bel
nwy hold
par move bur
pic support par move bur
rum support bud
ser support vie move tri
sil move boh
tri support alb
tyr move vie
vie move tri
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
England: fleet/dislodged mid
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
France: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
mid move spa/sc
tri move ven
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
France: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move tri
apu support ven
bel move pic
boh move gal
bre support mid
bul move ser
bur move mar
con move aeg
eas support aeg move ion
eng move bre
gas support eng move bre
gre move alb
hol move bel
ion move gre
iri move mid
kie hold
lvp move yor
mid move por
mun move bur
nth hold
nwy hold
pic move par
pie move ven
ruh support hol move bel
rum support ser move bud
ser move bud
spa/sc move mar
tri move vie
ven support alb move tri
vie support alb move tri
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
France: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
France: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
France: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
tri move tyr
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
France: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet lon
build Fleet lvp
build Fleet nap
remove por
build Fleet rom
remove tyr
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support alb move gre
alb move gre
apu support nap move ion
bel move hol
ber move sil
bla move bul/ec
bre support lon move eng
bur move gas
eas support ion
gas move mar
gre support nap move ion
ion move tys
kie move ber
lon move eng
lvp move iri
mid support bre
mun support ruh move bur
nap move ion
nth convoy yor move den
nwy move stp
par support bur move gas
pic move bel
pie move mar
rom move tys
ruh move bur
rum support bud
ser support bud
spa/sc hold
tri move vie
ven move tri
vie move gal
yor move den via convoy
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ion move tun
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
apu support ion
bel move nth
ber move kie
bre hold
bud support gal move vie
bul/ec move bla
bur move bel
den move kie
eas move ion
eng support bre
gal move vie
gas support pie move mar
hol support bel move nth
iri move mid
mid move por
mun support ber move kie
nth move hel
par move bur
pie move mar
rom move tus
rum support bud
ser support bud
sil move war
spa/sc move mar
stp move mos
tri support vie move bud
tun support eas move ion
ven support rom move tus
vie move bud
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Italy: army/dislodged vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ion move nap
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove apu
remove bur
build Army con
build Fleet edi
build Fleet lon
build Army lvp
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bel move pic
bla convoy con move sev
bre hold
bud support ser move tri
con move sev via convoy
den support hel move kie
edi move nrg
eng support lon move nth
gas move spa
gre move alb
hel move kie
hol move bel
ion move adr
kie hold
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mid move wes
mar support gas move spa
mos hold
mun support kie
nap support tus move tys
nth move nwy
por move spa/sc
rum support bud
ser move tri
smy move aeg
spa/sc move gol
tri support bud move vie
tun support aeg move ion
tus move tys
ven move pie
vie support ser move tri
war move mos
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
tri move tyr
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support alb move tri
aeg support ion
alb move tri
bel move hol
bla hold
bre hold
bud support tri move vie
den move kie
edi move hol via convoy
eng move bel
hel support den move kie
ion support tun
kie support bel move hol
gol move mar
mar support spa
mun move tyr
nap move ion
nth convoy edi move hol
nrg support nth
nwy move swe
pic move bel
pie support gol move mar
por move spa/sc
rum move gal
sev move ukr
spa support mar
tri move vie
tun support ion
tyr move mun
tys support wes move tun
vie move tri
war move mos
wes support por move spa
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
Germany: army/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army/dislodged mar
England: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army/dislodged spa
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Germany: army/dislodged vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
kie move ber
mar move gas
vie move boh
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
build Army lon
remove pic
build Army smy
remove tyr
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
aeg support ion
bel move hol
ber support mun move kie
bla convoy con move rum
boh support war move gal
bre hold
bud move tri
con move rum via convoy
edi move nwy via convoy
eng convoy lon move pic
gal support ukr move war
gas move mar
hel support kie
ion support tun move tys
kie move hol
lon move pic via convoy
mar hold
mos support ukr move war
mun move kie
nap move ion
nth move den
nrg convoy edi move nwy
pie move mar
smy move con
spa/sc support mar
swe move bal
tri move ven
tun move tys
tys support wes move tun
ukr move war
vie support gal
war move gal
wes support tun move tys
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
England: army/dislodged kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: fleet/dislodged tys
Turkey: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Germany: army/dislodged war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
kie move ruh
tys move rom
war move lvn
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg convoy con move gre
bal move den
bel move nth
ber support kie
bla hold
boh move mun
bre hold
con move gre via convoy
den move kie
eng support pic move bel
gal hold
gas move par
hel move hol
ion support tys move nap
kie support bal move den
lvn move mos
mar hold
mos move stp
nap move apu
nrg move nth
nwy move swe
pic move bel
pie support gas move mar
rom move tus
ruh support hel move hol
rum move ukr
spa/sc support mar
tri move ven
tys move nap
ven move rom
vie hold
war hold
wes move tun
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: fleet/dislodged den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
den move hel
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove apu
build Army con
build Army lon
remove tus
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
adr convoy con move ven
aeg convoy con move ven
ank move smy
bel move bur
ber support kie
bla move sev
bre hold
con move ven via convoy
den support kie
eng convoy lon move pic
gal move war
gre move alb
hel support nrg move nth
hol move kie
ion convoy con move ven
kie support den
lon move pic via convoy
mar hold
mos move war
mun support kie
nap move rom
nrg move nth
par move bur
pie hold
rom move apu
ruh move mun
spa/sc move wes
stp hold
swe move den
tri support con move ven
tun hold
ukr move sev
vie move boh
war move pru
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move tri
bel move bur
ber move kie
bla move sev
boh support tri move tyr
bre hold
den support ber move kie
eng hold
gal move sil
hel move den
hol move kie
ion move nap
kie move ruh
mar hold
mos move war
mun support kie move ruh
nth support hel move den
par hold
pic support bel move bur
pie hold
pru move sil
ruh move mun
smy move con
stp move mos
swe support hel move den
tri move tyr
tun hold
ukr move sev
ven support tri move tyr
wes hold
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
England: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
England: army/dislodged ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
den move ska
ruh move bel
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Army lon
remove pie
remove war
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move apu
aeg move ion
apu move ven
bel support pic move bur
ber move kie
bla convoy con move sev
boh move sil
bre hold
bur move mun
con move sev via convoy
den move kie
edi move nwy
eng convoy lon move pic
gal move war
hol support den move kie
lon move pic
mar hold
mos hold
mun support ruh move bur
nap move tys
nth convoy edi move nwy
par hold
pic move bur
pru move lvn
rom move tus
ruh move bur
ska move nwy
swe support edi move nwy
tri move tyr
tun hold
tyr move boh
ukr support gal move war
ven move pie
wes hold
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Turkey: army pie
England: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu move nap
bel hold
ber support ruh move kie
boh support mun
bre hold
bur support pic move par
eng move mid
hol hold
ion support tys move tun
kie move bal
lon move den via convoy
lvn move stp
mar move gol
mos move stp
mun support ruh move kie
nth convoy lon move den
nwy support mos move stp
par move bur
pic move par
pie move ven
ruh move kie
sev move mos
sil move war
ska move nwy
swe support lon move den
tun move tys
tus move pie
tyr support mun
tys move tun
ukr support sev move mos
ven move rom
war move lvn
wes support tun
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
France: army/dislodged par
France: supply par
Turkey: fleet pie
England: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
England: fleet/dislodged tun
England: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
par move gas
tun move naf
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Turkey: fleet pie
England: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army con
remove gas
remove ska
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Turkey: fleet pie
England: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move sev via convoy
bal move bot
bel move ruh
ber support kie
bla convoy ank move sev
boh support tyr move mun
bre move mid
bur move mar
con move bul
den move kie
hol support den move kie
ion support tun
kie support mun
lvn move stp
gol support wes move tys
mid move wes
mos support lvn move stp
mun support kie
naf move tun
nap move tys
nth move den
nwy move stp
par move bur
pie move tus
rom support pie move tus
sil support tyr move mun
smy move aeg
swe move fin
tun hold
tyr move mun
ven move tyr
war move lvn
wes move tys
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ber support kie
boh support mun
bot support nwy move stp
bul move ser
bur move mun
den support hol move kie
fin support nwy move stp
hol move kie
ion move tys
kie support ber
lvn support stp
gol support mar move pie
mar move pie
mos support stp
mun hold
naf move tun
nap support ion move tys
nth move hel
nwy move stp
ruh support hol move kie
sev move ukr
sil support mun
stp hold
tun hold
tus support ion move tys
tyr support mun
tys move ion
ukr move war
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
