PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move rum
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move nap
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
vie move tri
war hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move bla
bot move swe
bul move ser
bur move mun
con move bul
hol support ruh move bel
ion convoy nap move tun
kie move den
mid move por
nap move tun via convoy
nth convoy yor move nwy
nrg move bar
ruh move bel
rum support tri move ser
sev move bla
spa hold
tri move ser
ukr move rum
war support ukr
yor move nwy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army bre
build Army bud
build Fleet edi
build Army kie
build Army mar
build Army par
build Fleet rom
build Fleet smy
build Army stp
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
bar support nwy move stp
bel move pic
ber move mun
bre move pic
bud support tri move ser
con support bul
den hold
edi move nrg
gre support rum move bul
hol move bel
ion move adr
kie support ber move mun
mun move ruh
nth move nwy
nwy move stp
par move bur
por move mid
rom move tys
rum move bul
sev move bla
smy move aeg
spa move gas
stp hold
swe hold
tri move ser
ukr support war
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: army/dislodged stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
stp move mos
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
aeg support bul move gre
ank move bla
bar move nwy
bel hold
bre move pic
bud move rum
bul move gre
bur move bel
con support bul
den move swe
gal support ukr
gas move par
gre support rum move bul
hol support bel
kie support mun
mid move wes
mar move bur
mos move stp
mun hold
nrg move nth
nwy move ska
ruh support bur move bel
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sev move bla
stp support bar move nwy
swe hold
tri move vie
tun move tus via convoy
tys convoy tun move tus
ukr support mos
ven move tri
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Austria: fleet/dislodged gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
gre move ion
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
build Fleet lon
remove mar
build Fleet nap
remove sev
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support nap move ion
aeg support gre
ank move bla
bel support kie move ruh
ber move kie
bul move gre
bur move bel
con move bul
den hold
gal support tri move vie
gre support con move bul
hol support bel
ion support bul move gre
kie move ruh
lon move nth
mos hold
mun move bur
nap move ion
nth move den
nwy support ska move swe
par support pic
pic support bur move bel
ruh move hol
rum move sev
ser move tri
ska move swe
stp move mos
swe hold
tri move vie
tus move ven
tys move tun
ukr move mos
vie support ser move tri
wes support tys move tun
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: army/dislodged bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Austria: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bul move rum
ion move tys
swe move bot
vie move tyr
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg move bul/sc
bel hold
ber move kie
bla support aeg move bul
bot hold
bul move ser
bur move mar
den support ber move kie
gal move bud
gre support bul move ser
hol hold
ion support tun move tys
kie move mun
lon move nth
mos hold
nth move den
nwy support stp
par move gas
pic support bel
ruh move mun
rum move ser
stp hold
swe support nth move den
tri support tyr move ven
tun move tys
tyr move ven
tys move rom
ukr move mos
ven support adr move tri
wes move gol
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove bot
build Army con
build Fleet edi
remove ion
build Army lvp
build Army mun
remove rom
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
ank move arm
bel support ruh move hol
ber move bal
bla support ser move rum
bud support vie move tri
bul/sc move aeg
con support gre move bul
den support swe move bal
edi move nrg
gas move mar
gre move bul
hol move hel
kie move ruh
lvp move edi
gol support gas move mar
mar move bur
mos hold
mun support kie move ruh
nth support ruh move hol
nwy move bar
pic move bur
ruh move hol
rum move sev
ser move rum
sev move arm
stp move lvn
swe move bal
tri move vie
tyr support tri move vie
tys move rom
ukr move mos
ven support adr move tri
vie support adr move tri
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
Germany: army/dislodged mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Italy: army/dislodged vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mar move spa
rum move gal
vie move boh
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
ank move arm
bal move kie
bar convoy edi move stp
bel support hol
ber support ruh move kie
bla support ukr move sev
boh move vie
bud support boh move vie
bul move ser
con move bul
den support bal move kie
edi move stp
gal support vie
hel move den
hol support bal move kie
lvn support edi move stp
gol support mar move spa
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun support ruh move kie
nth move hel
nrg convoy edi move stp
pic move bur
ruh move kie
rum support ukr move sev
sev move mos
spa hold
tri hold
tyr move tri
ukr move sev
ven support tri
vie support tyr move tri
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Germany: army/dislodged spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
spa move por
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet con
remove gal
build Army nap
remove tyr
build Army war
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move rum via convoy
bal move kie
bar support stp
bel move ruh
ber support kie
bla convoy arm move rum
boh move vie
bud support boh move vie
bul move ser
bur move mun
con move aeg
den support nth move hel
gre move ion
hel move hol
hol support bal move kie
kie support ber
lvn move pru
gol move mar
mos move lvn
mun support kie
nap move apu
nth move hel
nrg hold
por move spa
rom move tys
rum move bul
ser move alb
sev move mos
spa hold
stp hold
ven support tri
vie move gal
war support mos move lvn
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb support ser move tri
apu move ven
bal support pru move ber
bar support stp
ber support kie
bla move con
bud move gal
bul move ser
bur move mun
den support hel move kie
hel move kie
hol support hel move kie
ion move adr
kie support mun
lvn move stp
mar support spa
mos support lvn move stp
mun support ber
nrg hold
por move spa
pru move ber
ruh support bur move mun
rum support bud move gal
ser move tri
spa hold
stp hold
tri move adr
tys move tun
ven move tri
vie support ven move tri
war hold
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army/dislodged gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gal disband
mun move tyr
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army edi
build Army lvp
build Army nap
build Army par
remove por
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb support ser move tri
apu move ven
bal support ber move pru
bar support stp
ber move pru
bre move mid
bul move gre
con move aeg
den move nth
edi move nwy
gal move boh
hol move bel
ion move adr
kie move ber
lvn hold
lvp move yor
mar move gol
mos hold
mun move sil
nrg convoy edi move nwy
par move bur
ruh move mun
rum move bul
ser move tri
spa move gas
stp hold
tri move adr
tyr move mun
ven move tri
vie support ven move tri
war move sil
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb support ser move tri
bal support stp move lvn
bar support nwy move stp
bel move ruh
ber support pru
boh move sil
bul move ser
bur support ruh move mun
con move aeg
gas move par
ion move tys
lvn support mos
gol move tys
mid move por
mos hold
mun move sil
nap move rom
nth convoy yor move den
nrg move nat
nwy move stp
pru support stp move lvn
ruh move mun
ser move tri
stp move lvn
tri move adr
tun move ion
tyr move mun
ven move tri
vie move bud
war support boh move sil
yor move den
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet mar
remove tyr
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
aeg convoy gre move nap
alb support tri
ank move con
bal convoy den move lvn
bar support stp
bel move ruh
ber hold
bud support ven move tri
bur support ruh move mun
con move bul/sc
den move lvn
gre move nap via convoy
ion convoy gre move nap
lvn move mos
gol move tys
mar move gol
mun move tyr
nat move mid
nth hold
par move gas
por move spa/sc
pru move war
rom move ven
ruh move mun
ser move rum
stp support lvn move mos
tri hold
tun support gol move tys
ven move tri
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Turkey: army/dislodged tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
tri move ser
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move gre
alb move tri
apu move nap
bal hold
bar hold
ber hold
bud support tri move ser
bul/sc move con
bur move mun
con move bul
gas move bur
ion support nap
lvn support pru move war
gol support tys
mid move naf
mos move sev
mun move boh
nth hold
pru move war
ruh move kie
rum move sev
ser support alb move tri
spa/sc move wes
stp move mos
tri move ser
tun support adr move ion
tyr support mun move boh
tys support adr move nap
ven move tri
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ion
France: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ion move aeg
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army edi
build Army mar
build Army smy
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move ser
ank move arm
apu support ion move nap
bal hold
bar hold
ber hold
boh move vie
bud support ser
bul/sc move aeg
bur move mar
con move bul
edi move den
gre support aeg move ion
kie move mun
lvn move war
gol move tys
mar move pie
mos move sev
mun move boh
naf support wes move tun
nap move rom
nth convoy edi move den
rum support alb move ser
ser hold
stp move mos
tyr move tri
tys support wes move tun
war move ukr
wes move tun
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
England: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
ion move adr
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
England: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
adr move alb
aeg move ion
apu move ven
arm move sev
bal convoy den move lvn
bar move nrg
ber hold
boh support vie
bud support ven move tri
bul move ser
den move lvn
gre support alb
ion move nap
gol support tys
mar move pie
mos support sev
mun move tyr
naf move wes
nth move eng
pie move ven
rum support bul move ser
ser support adr move alb
sev support ukr
tri support pie move ven
tun move ion
tys move tun
ukr support war move gal
ven move tri
vie support tri
war move gal
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Italy: supply ser
England: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ven move tus
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove adr
build Fleet ank
remove apu
build Army bre
remove bud
build Army edi
build Fleet mar
build Army par
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb support ser
ank move bla
bal move den
ber move bal
boh move gal
bre move par
edi move nwy
eng move mid
gal move rum
gre support alb
lvn move war
gol support pie move tus
mar move pie
mos move sev
nap support rom
nrg convoy edi move nwy
par move bur
pie move tus
rom support nap
ser support rum
sev support gal move rum
tri move bud
tun support tys move ion
tyr support tri
tys move ion
ukr support gal move sev
ven support tyr move tri
vie support tri move bud
wes support gol move tys
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
France: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move tri
arm move sev
bal hold
bla support rum
boh move tyr
bud support gal move rum
bur move mar
den move nth
gal move rum
gre support aeg move ion
ion hold
gol move tys
mid move naf
mos support sev
nap support rom move apu
nrg move nat
nwy move stp
par move bur
pie move gol
rum support arm move sev
ser support rum
sev support gal move rum
tun support ion
tus move rom
tyr move tri
ukr support sev
ven support tyr move tri
vie support bud
war hold
wes support gol move tys
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
England: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bre
build Army par
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
England: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb support ser
bal move kie
bla support arm
bre move par
bud support gal move rum
bur move mun
gal move rum
gre support aeg move ion
ion support tys move nap
mar move pie
mos support sev
naf hold
nat move mid
nap support rom
nth hold
par move bur
ser support rum
sev support gal move rum
stp move lvn
tri move ser
tun support ion
tus move rom
tyr support tri
tys move nap
ukr support gal move rum
ven support tus move rom
vie support bud
war move gal
wes hold
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
Turkey: army/dislodged rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army rum
Turkey: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
rom move apu
rum move bul
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support gre
alb support ser
apu move rom
bla support bul move rum
bud move ser
bul move rum
bur move mun
gal support rum
gre support alb
ion support tys move nap
kie hold
lvn move war
gol move tys
mid hold
mos support sev
mun move boh
naf hold
nap support apu move rom
nth hold
par move bur
pie move tus
rom support tys move nap
rum support bud move ser
ser support bul move rum
sev support rum
tri support bud move ser
tun support ion
tyr support tri
tys move nap
ukr support rum
ven support rom
vie move bud
wes hold
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet naf
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove apu
remove bla
build Army edi
build Fleet lvp
build Fleet mar
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet naf
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bud move ser
bur move mun
edi move cly
gal support rum
ion support tri move alb
kie hold
lvp move nat
mid hold
mar move gol
mos support sev
mun move tyr
naf hold
nap support ion
nth hold
rum support bud move ser
sev support rum
tri move alb
tun support ion
tyr move tri
tys support ion
ukr support rum
ven support tri
vie support bud
war hold
wes hold
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
France: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army cly
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
France: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move gre
boh move vie
gal move rum
ion move eas
kie move hol
gol move tys
mid move nat
mos move stp
mun move boh
naf move mid
nat move nrg
nth move nwy
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sev hold
tri support alb
tun support ion
tys move ion
vie move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
England: army bul
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army cly
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
France: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
England: army bul
England: supply bul
England: army cly
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
build Fleet lon
build Fleet lvp
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
England: army bul
England: supply bul
England: army cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move gre
boh support vie
bud support ser
bul support alb move gre
cly move smy
eas convoy cly move smy
gal support rum
hol move nth
ion convoy cly move smy
lon move eng
lvp move iri
mid convoy cly move smy
nat convoy cly move smy
nrg convoy cly move smy
nwy move bar
rum support bul
ser support alb move gre
sev move arm
stp hold
tri move alb
tun support ion
tyr move tri
tys convoy cly move smy
ukr support rum
wes convoy cly move smy
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
England: army bul
England: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
France: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
England: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb support gre
bar convoy stp move syr
boh move vie
bud move ser
eas convoy stp move syr
eng hold
gal move ukr
ion convoy stp move syr
iri hold
mid convoy stp move syr
nat convoy stp move syr
nap support ion
nth hold
nrg convoy stp move syr
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev move arm
smy support bul move con
stp move syr
tri support bud move ser
tun support ion
tys convoy stp move syr
ukr move sev
vie move bud
wes convoy stp move syr
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
England: army bul
England: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
France: army gre
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
England: army smy
England: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
England: army syr
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove aeg
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
England: army bul
England: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
France: army gre
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
England: army smy
England: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
England: army syr
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
