PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move pic
bud move rum
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move bal
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move apu
sev move bla
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven hold
vie move gal
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move bla
apu move tun via convoy
arm move sev
bal move swe
bot convoy stp move swe
bul support rum
bur support pic move bel
edi move nwy via convoy
gal support rum
ion convoy apu move tun
kie move den
nth support edi move nwy
nrg convoy edi move nwy
pic move bel
ruh move hol
sev move rum
spa move por
stp move swe via convoy
ukr support sev move rum
ven hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet ber
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Fleet edi
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army tri
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move sev via convoy
arm support ank move sev
bal move swe
bel support bre move eng
ber move bal
bla convoy ank move sev
bot move stp/sc
bre move eng
bud support rum
bul support rum
den support bal move swe
edi move cly
gal move war
ion move aeg
mun move kie
nap move ion
nth move eng
nrg move nth
nwy move swe
par move pic
por move spa
rum support ank move sev
sev move rum
stp move mos
tri move ser
tun hold
ukr move war
ven hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg convoy tun move smy
arm support sev
bal move den
bel move nth
bla move con
bud move rum
bul support gre
bur move bel
cly move lvp
den move swe
eng convoy pic move lon
gal move war
gre support rum move bul
ion convoy tun move smy
kie support bal move den
mos support ukr move war
nth move lon
nrg move nth
nwy hold
pic move lon via convoy
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sev hold
stp/sc hold
swe move ska
tun move smy via convoy
ukr move war
ven hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army vie
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
bel move nth
bre move mid
bud support vie move gal
bul support aeg move con
bur move bel
den support bel move nth
eng convoy pic move lon
gal move sil
gre support bul
hol hold
ion move aeg
kie move ber
lvp move iri
mos support war move ukr
mun hold
nap move tys
nth move lon
nrg support nwy
nwy hold
pic move lon via convoy
rum move ukr
ser move rum
ska support swe move nwy
smy move ank
stp/sc hold
swe move nwy
ven hold
vie move gal
war move ukr
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Turkey: fleet/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nth move yor
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank move smy
ber move pru
bud move vie
bul move rum
con move smy
eng convoy pic move lon
gal support rum move ukr
gre move bul/sc
hol move kie
iri move eng
mid hold
mos support ukr move sev
mun move sil
nth support swe move nwy
nrg move nth
nwy hold
pic move lon via convoy
rum move ukr
ser move bud
sil move war
ska support swe move nwy
stp/sc hold
swe move nwy
tys move wes
ukr move sev
ven move pie
yor move lon
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Italy: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
England: army/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
nwy move fin
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
remove arm
build Army ber
remove fin
build Fleet nap
build Army tri
build Army ven
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
ank move arm
bel move bur
ber move pru
bud move gal
bul/sc move gre
con move aeg
gal move ukr
ion move tun
iri support wes move mid
kie move hol
mid move spa/sc
mos move ukr
nap move tys
nth support eng move lon
nrg move nth
nwy move fin
pie move mar
pru move lvn
rum support ukr move sev
sev move ukr
ska move nwy
spa move mar
stp/sc move bot
tri move tyr
ukr move sev
ven move pie
vie move boh
war move mos
wes move mid
yor support nrg move nth
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: fleet/dislodged mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet/dislodged nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
mid move por
nth move bel
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
arm move smy
boh support tyr move mun
bot hold
bud move gal
bur move mar
den support nwy move nth
eng move mid
fin move swe
gal move sil
iri move wal
lvn move stp
mid move spa/sc
mos move sev
nth move lon
nwy move nth
pic move bre
pie hold
por support eng move mid
pru move lvn
rum move ukr
sev support war move mos
sil move mun
spa support bur move mar
tun move wes
tyr move mun
tys move gol
ven move tus
war move mos
yor support nth move lon
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: fleet/dislodged mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
mid move naf
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
remove bot
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
boh move mun
bre move gas
bud move vie
den move kie
gal support ukr move war
hol move yor via convoy
ion move tys
lon hold
lvn support stp move mos
gol support pie move mar
mid support por move spa
mar hold
mos support ukr move war
mun move ruh
naf move mid
nth convoy hol move yor
pie move mar
por move spa/sc
sev support mos
sil move war
spa support mar
stp move mos
swe move fin
tri move tyr
tus move pie
ukr move war
vie move boh
wal hold
wes move spa/sc
yor move edi
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
mar move bur
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
boh support tyr move mun
edi move nth
fin move stp
gal support war
kie move hol
lon move yor
lvn support stp move mos
gol support mar
mar hold
mun move kie
naf support wes move mid
nth support yor move edi
pie support mar
ruh support mun move kie
sev support mos
sil move ber
smy hold
stp move mos
tyr move mun
tys move wes
vie move tyr
wal move lvp
wes move mid
yor move edi
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
England: fleet/dislodged edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: fleet/dislodged mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
edi move cly
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove cly
build Army ven
build Army vie
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
bel move eng
ber move kie
boh move sil
bud move tri
bur move mar
edi move lon via convoy
gal support boh move sil
gas support spa
gre move aeg
hol support ber move kie
kie move den
lvn support stp move mos
lvp hold
gol support pie move mar
mid move bre
mar move spa
mun move kie
naf move mid
nth convoy edi move lon
pie move mar
por support spa
ruh support mun move kie
sev move arm
smy hold
spa hold
stp move mos
tyr move ven
ven move pie
vie move tyr
war support mos
wes support mar move spa
yor move lon
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
Austria: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg move con
arm move ank
ber move kie
bre hold
bur move mar
den support ruh move kie
edi move lon via convoy
eng move lon
fin move swe
gal move ukr
gas support bur move mar
hol support ber move kie
lvn support stp move mos
gol support mid move spa
mid move spa/sc
mar move gas
mun move ber
nth convoy edi move lon
pie support ven
ruh move kie
sil support mun move ber
smy move ank
spa support bur move mar
stp move mos
tri move ser
tyr move tri
ven hold
vie move tri
war support mos
wes support mid move spa
yor move lon
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Germany: army/dislodged ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Austria: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
ber move pru
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet nap
remove pru
remove swe
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
arm support con move smy
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move tri
con move smy
den move swe
edi move lon via convoy
eng move lon
gas move bre
hol move kie
lvn move pru
gol move tys
mar move spa
mos move lvn
nap move ion
nth convoy edi move lon
pie move tyr
ruh support ber move kie
ser move bul
sil move pru
smy move con
spa/sc hold
stp move lvn
tri move adr
tyr support bud move tri
ukr move mos
ven support pie move tyr
vie support tyr
war support mos move lvn
wes move tun
yor move lon
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
France: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Austria: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: army/dislodged smy
Austria: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
smy move ank
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
France: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Austria: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
adr support tyr move ven
ank move smy
arm move ank
bul move gre
edi move lon via convoy
hol move kie
ion move gre
kie move hol
lvn move stp
mid move por
mos support lvn move stp
nth convoy edi move lon
pie support ven move tyr
ruh support kie move hol
sil move mun
spa/sc support mid move por
swe move nwy
tri support tyr move ven
tun move ion
tyr move ven
tys support tun move ion
ven move tyr
vie move tyr
war move lvn
yor move lon
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
France: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Austria: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Germany: fleet/dislodged hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Austria: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Germany: army/dislodged stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
stp move fin
ven move rom
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Austria: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
