PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move tys
par move pic
rom move tus
sev move bla
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
tri move ven
ven move tyr
vie move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move bla
arm move sev
bot move swe
bul support ser move rum
eng move bel
kie move hol
mid move bre
nth convoy yor move nwy
pic support ruh move bel
ruh move bel
ser move rum
sev support ukr move rum
spa move por
tus support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
tys move tun
ukr move rum
ven move tri
vie move gal
war move gal
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army bud
build Army con
build Fleet edi
build Fleet kie
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm support bla move sev
ber move sil
bla move sev
bre move mid
bud support vie move gal
bul move ser
con move bul
den support kie move hel
edi move nth
eng hold
hol move kie
kie move hel
mar move gol
mos support sev
mun move tyr
nap move tys
nth move hel
nwy hold
pic move bre
por move spa
rum support vie move gal
swe move nwy
tri move ven
tun move wes
ukr support sev
vie move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
bre move gas
bud move ser
bul hold
den support hel move nth
edi move nth
eng move bre
gal support sil move war
hel move nth
kie move hol
gol move tus
mid move eng
mos support sev
nth move ska
nwy hold
rum support arm move sev
ser move gre
sil move war
spa hold
tri move ven
tus move pie
tyr support tri move ven
tys move gol
ukr support sev
ven support tus move pie
war move gal
wes support tys move gol
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Austria: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ven move apu
war move pru
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet con
build Fleet lon
remove pie
remove swe
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move sev
bel move yor
ber move pru
bla support arm move sev
bre move mid
bul hold
con move aeg
den support nth
edi move nth
eng move lon
gal move ukr
gas move bre
gre support bul
hol move kie
lon hold
gol move mar
mos support pru move war
nth convoy bel move yor
nwy move swe
pru move war
rum support arm move sev
ser support rum
sev move arm
ska support nwy move swe
spa hold
tri move adr
tus move tys
tyr move boh
ukr support pru move war
ven move apu
vie move tri
war move lvn
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move ion
apu move nap
bla support sev
boh move sil
bre hold
bul hold
den move ska
edi hold
eng move lon
gal support pru move war
gre support bul
kie move ber
lon hold
lvn move stp
mid move por
mar support wes move spa
mos move stp
nth support eng move lon
pru move war
rum support ser
ser support rum
sev hold
ska move nth
spa move por
swe hold
tri support ser
tys move tun
ukr support war
ven move apu
war support ukr
wes move spa/sc
yor support eng move lon
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: fleet/dislodged lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army/dislodged spa
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Germany: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
lon move wal
spa move gas
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
remove ber
build Army con
build Army par
build Army rom
remove ska
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
adr move alb
aeg move ion
apu move ven
bla move rum
bre hold
bul move ser
con move bul
den move ska
edi move nth
gal move bud
gas move spa
gre support bul move ser
lon hold
lvn move stp
mid move por
mos support ukr move sev
nap move apu
nth support yor move edi
par move bur
pru move war
rom support nap move apu
ser support rum
sev support bla move rum
sil support pru move war
spa/sc move por
swe move fin
tri support ser
tun move tys
ukr move sev
wal move lvp
yor move edi
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
England: fleet/dislodged edi
England: supply edi
England: army fin
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: army/dislodged sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
edi move nrg
sev move arm
war move lvn
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army fin
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
apu move ven
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
bud support rum
bul hold
bur move mar
con support bul
edi move lvp
fin support lvn move stp
gas support bur move mar
gre hold
ion support gre
lon move eng
lvn move stp
lvp hold
mid move por
mos support sev
nth support ska move nwy
nrg move edi
rom support apu move ven
rum support sev
ser support alb move gre
sil move gal
ska move nwy
spa/sc move por
stp support war move mos
tri support ven
tys move gol
war move mos
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army fin
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
Italy: fleet/dislodged mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mar move pie
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army fin
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove arm
build Army ber
remove fin
build Fleet kie
remove mid
build Army mun
build Army par
remove spa/sc
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
apu move ven
ber move sil
bla move rum
bre move wal via convoy
bud support rum
bul support bla move rum
con move bul
edi move lvp
eng convoy bre move wal
gal move ukr
gas move mar
gre move tun via convoy
ion convoy gre move tun
kie move hol
lvp hold
gol support gas move mar
mar move spa
mos support sev
mun move ruh
nth support nwy
nrg move nwy
nwy hold
par move gas
rom support apu move ven
rum support ser
ser support rum
sev support bla move rum
stp support nrg move nwy
tri support ven
war move lvn
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
apu support rom move ven
bla support bul
bud support rum
bul move rum
con support bul
edi support wal move lvp
eng move mid
gas move spa
gre support ser move bul
hol move nth
ion move nap
lvn move stp
lvp hold
gol support mar move pie
mar move pie
mos move war
nth move nwy
nrg move edi
nwy move swe
pie move tus
rom move ven
ruh move hol
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev support bul move rum
sil move war
spa move por
stp move mos
tri support ven
tun hold
ukr support sil move war
wal move lvp
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Germany: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove apu
build Fleet kie
build Army mun
remove nrg
build Fleet smy
remove tus
build Army vie
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bla support con
bud support rum
bul support rum
con move bul
edi support wal move lvp
gre move aeg
hol move ruh
kie move hol
lvn move mos
lvp hold
gol move tys
mid convoy por move naf
mos support sev
mun move tyr
nap move ion
nth move eng
nwy move stp/nc
pie move tus
por move naf via convoy
sev support mos
smy move aeg
spa move mar
stp support mos
swe move den
tri move ven
ukr move sev
ven move adr
vie move tri
wal move lvp
war support lvn move mos
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
England: fleet/dislodged lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
lvp disband
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
bla support con
bud support rum
bul support rum
con move bul
den move nth
edi move yor
eng move mid
gre support adr move ion
hol move bel
ion convoy tun move alb
lvp hold
mid move bre
mar move pie
mos move stp
naf move tun
nwy support mos move stp
rom move nap
ruh hold
rum support bul
sev move arm
smy move aeg
stp move lvn
tri move vie
tun move alb via convoy
tus move rom
tyr hold
tys support tus move rom
ukr support war move mos
war move mos
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
ion move alb
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
remove alb
build Fleet ber
remove lvn
build Fleet mar
build Army mun
build Army par
build Army tri
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support con
arm move sev
bel move eng
ber move kie
bla convoy con move sev
bre move mid
bud move vie
con move sev via convoy
gre support bul
ion move nap
lvp move edi
mid move wes
mar move spa/sc
mos move sev
mun move sil
naf move tun
nth convoy yor move bel
nwy move nrg
par move bur
pie move ven
rom support ion move nap
ruh move mun
rum support arm move sev
stp move mos
tri support ven
tyr hold
tys support naf move tun
ukr support mos move sev
vie support tri
yor move bel via convoy
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army/dislodged nap
Austria: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
ORDERS
nap disband
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
arm move ank
bel move hol
bla support con move bul
bud move ser
bul support rum
bur hold
con move bul
edi hold
eng move mid
gre support bul
kie move hel
mid move por
mos move sev
mun move sil
nth move eng
nrg move nat
pie support rom move tus
rom move tus
rum support bul
sil move war
spa/sc hold
stp move mos
tri support ven
tun hold
tyr move mun
tys move gol
ukr support mos move sev
wes move tys
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove aeg
remove bla
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
remove con
build Army mar
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ank move smy
bla support con move ank
bre hold
bud support rum
bul support rum
bur move mar
con move ank
edi move yor
eng support mid move bre
gre move aeg
hel move nth
hol move bel
gol move tys
mid move bre
mar move pie
mos support sev
mun move ruh
nat move lvp
pie move tus
por hold
rum support bul
ser support bul
sev move arm
spa/sc hold
tri support ven
tun hold
tus move rom
tys move rom
ukr support mos move sev
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bre
France: fleet/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
bre move pic
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
arm support mos move sev
bel support ruh
bre support eng move mid
bud move gal
bul move con
bur move par
eng move mid
gol move tys
mar move gas
mos move sev
nap support aeg move ion
nth move lon
pic move bre
pie move tyr
por support spa/sc move mid
ruh support bel
rum support bud move gal
ser move bul
sil move mun
smy support arm move ank
spa/sc move mid
tri move tyr
tun hold
tus move rom
tys move wes
ukr support mos move sev
ven support tri move tyr
vie move boh
war move gal
yor move edi
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove bla
remove edi
build Army kie
remove pic
remove rom
build Army vie
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank support con move smy
arm support smy
bel move pic
ber move sil
boh support gal move sil
bre move mid
bul support rum
con move smy
eng move iri
gal move sil
gas support mid move bre
ion move aeg
kie support mun
lon move nth
lvp move nat
mid move bre
mun support ber move sil
nap move tys
par support mid move bre
pie move mar
por move mid
ruh move bur
rum support vie move gal
sev support ukr
tun hold
tyr move mun
tys move gol
ukr support war
ven move tyr
vie move gal
war support ber move sil
wes support bre move mid
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
Germany: fleet/dislodged bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
ORDERS
bre move eng
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support con move smy
ank support con move smy
arm support smy move ank
ber move sil
boh support gal move sil
bre move pic
bul support rum
bur move par
con move smy
eng move bre
gal move sil
gas move par
iri support nat move mid
kie support mun
gol support tys move wes
mid move eng
mar support par move bur
mun support ber move sil
nat move mid
nth move edi
par move bur
pic support bur move par
sev support ukr
smy move ank
tyr move mun
tys move wes
ukr support war
ven move tyr
vie move gal
war support ber move sil
wes support nat move mid
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Turkey: army/dislodged ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Germany: army/dislodged bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
France: fleet/dislodged mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
Germany: fleet/dislodged wes
ORDERS
ank disband
bur move ruh
mid move por
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Germany: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove tun
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Germany: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move con
arm support ank
ber move sil
boh support gal move sil
bre move eng
bud support rum
bul support aeg move con
bur move pic
edi move nth
eng support mid move bre
gal move sil
iri support spa/sc move mid
kie support mun
gol move spa/sc
mid move bre
mar move bur
mun support ber move sil
par support bur move pic
pic move par
por support gol move spa
ruh support mun
rum support vie move gal
sev support ukr
smy support aeg move con
spa/sc move mid
tyr move mun
ukr support war
ven move tyr
vie move gal
war support ber move sil
wes support gol move spa
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
France: fleet/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Germany: army/dislodged pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
bre move gas
pic move bel
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move sev
bel move pic
ber move sil
boh support gal move sil
bre support bel move pic
bud support rum
bul move con
bur move ruh
con move bla
eng support bel move pic
gal move sil
gas support pic move bre
iri support mid
kie move hol
mid move gas
mun support ber move sil
nth move bel
par support pic move bre
pic move bre
por move mid
ruh move bur
rum support vie move gal
sev move mos
smy support ank move arm
spa/sc support por move mid
tyr move mun
ukr support war
ven move tyr
vie move gal
war support ber move sil
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Germany: fleet/dislodged mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
mid move nat
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army kie
build Army mar
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move eng
ber support mun move sil
bla move sev
boh move sil
bre move pic
bud move rum
bur support bre move pic
con move ank
eng move mid
gal support rum move ukr
gas move bre
hol move bel
iri support eng move mid
kie move mun
mid support gas move bre
mar support bur
mos support sev
mun move sil
nat support eng move mid
par support bre move pic
pic support ruh move bur
ruh move bur
rum move ukr
sev support ukr
smy support con move ank
spa/sc support mid
tyr move mun
ukr support sev
ven move tyr
vie support gal
war support ukr
wes support mid
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Russia: army/dislodged ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank disband
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank support smy move arm
bel move hol
ber support kie move mun
bla support rum
boh move sil
bre support mid move eng
bud support gal
bur support pic move bel
eng support hol move bel
gal support boh move sil
hol move bel via convoy
iri support eng
kie move mun
mid move eng
mar move gas
mos support sev
nat move mid
par support bur
pic move bel
ruh support kie move mun
rum hold
sev support ukr
sil support kie move mun
smy move arm
spa/sc support wes move mid
tyr move mun
ukr support sev
ven move tyr
vie support gal
war support ukr
wes move mid
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: army bel
Germany: fleet/dislodged bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Germany: army/dislodged sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move nth
sil move pru
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army kie
build Fleet mar
build Army tri
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move con
arm support rum move sev
bel support bur
ber move sil
bla support rum move sev
bre support wes move mid
bud move rum
bur support bel
eng support nat move mid
gal move ukr
gas support bre
hol move bel
iri support nat move mid
kie move hol
mid move naf
mar move spa/sc
mos support sev
mun support ber move sil
nat move mid
nth support hol move bel
par support bur
pru support ber move sil
ruh move bur
rum move sev
sil move mun
spa/sc move por
tri move bud
tyr support sil move mun
ukr support sev
vie move gal
war move gal
wes move mid
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: army bel
France: army/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move pic
mun move kie
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm support sev
bel move pic
bla support sev
bre support pic
bud move vie
bur support mun
con move bul
eng support bel move pic
gal support rum move ukr
gas support bur
hol move bel
iri support mid
kie move mun
mos support ukr move sev
naf support wes move mid
par support bre
pic support bur
por support wes move mid
pru move war
ruh move bur
rum move ukr
sev support rum move ukr
sil support kie move mun
spa/sc support wes move mid
tyr support mun
ukr move sev
vie move boh
war move ukr
wes move mid
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
Germany: fleet/dislodged mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
mid move nat
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Germany: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army bud
remove gas
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Germany: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bel move pic
ber support kie move mun
boh support mun
bre support mid move eng
bud support vie move gal
bul move rum
bur support pic move bel
eng support bel move pic
gal move war
hol support ruh
iri support nat move mid
kie move mun
mos support war
naf move mid
nat move mid
nth support eng
par support bre
pic move bel
por support naf move mid
pru move lvn
ruh support kie move mun
sev support ukr move mos
sil support war
spa/sc support naf move mid
tri move adr
tyr support mun
ukr move mos
vie move gal
war support mos
PHASE 1913 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Austria: fleet/dislodged mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Germany: army/dislodged mos
Germany: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
mid move gas
mos move stp
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ber support kie move mun
boh support mun move sil
bre move pic
bud move rum
bur support bre move pic
eng support bel move pic
gal support mun move sil
gas support mid move bre
hol support ruh
iri support nat move mid
kie move mun
lvn support stp move mos
mid move bre
mos support rum move ukr
mun move sil
nat move mid
nth support eng
par support bre move pic
pic move bel
por support spa/sc move mid
ruh support kie move mun
rum move ukr
sev support mos
sil support kie move mun
spa/sc move mid
stp move mos
tyr move mun
war support stp move mos
PHASE 1913 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Germany: army/dislodged sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
sil move pru
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army kie
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bel move bur
boh support tyr move mun
bre move eng
bur move ruh
eng support hol move bel
gal move war
gas support mid
hol move bel
iri support eng
kie move ber
lvn support mos
mid support bre move eng
mos support war
mun support ber move sil
nat move mid
nth move den
par support bur
pic move bel
por support mid
pru support ber move sil
ruh support bel move bur
rum move gal
sev move mos
sil support gal move war
spa/sc support mid
tyr move mun
ukr support sev move mos
ven move tyr
war support ber move sil
PHASE 1914 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bur move mar
PHASE 1914 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
ber support bur move mun
boh support mun
bre move pic
bur move mun
den move bal
eng support hol move bel
gal move war
gas support mid move bre
hol move bel
iri support eng
kie support bur move mun
lvn support mos move war
mid move bre
mar support pic move bur
mos move war
nat move mid
par support bre move pic
pic move bur
por support spa/sc move mid
pru support mos move war
ruh support bur move mun
sev move mos
sil support war move pru
spa/sc move mid
tyr support mun
ukr support sev move mos
vie move gal
war move pru
PHASE 1914 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army tri
PHASE 1915 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
boh support tyr move mun
bre support pic move eng
bur hold
gal move war
gas support mid
mid support pic move eng
mar support bur
mos move stp
par support bur
pic move eng
por support mid
pru move ber
sev move mos
sil support pru move ber
tri move tyr
tyr move mun
ukr support gal move war
vie move gal
PHASE 1915 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: fleet/dislodged eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Germany: army/dislodged war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1915 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
boh support mun
bre support par move pic
bur support par move pic
eng support mid move iri
mid move iri
mar support bur
mos support stp
par move pic
por move mid
sil support ber
tyr support mun
ukr support war
PHASE 1915 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: fleet/dislodged iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1915 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
