PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move eng
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move hol
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move bur
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move tus
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move fin
tri move alb
vie move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move bla
bre move eng
bul move rum
bur move mar
con move bul
fin move swe
hol support yor move bel
ion move tun
kie move den
lon move eng
nth convoy yor move bel
pic move bel
ser support ukr move rum
sev move arm
tus move pie
ukr move rum
ven hold
vie move gal
war move sil
yor move bel via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army ber
build Army bud
build Army edi
build Fleet kie
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Fleet sev
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
arm support sev move bla
ber move mun
bla move sev
bre move eng
bud move gal
bul support ser move rum
con support bul
den hold
edi move nwy via convoy
gal move ukr
kie move bal
lon move eng
mar support mun move bur
mos move ukr
mun move bur
nap move tys
nth convoy edi move nwy
pic move bel
pie hold
rum hold
ser move rum
sev move bla
sil hold
spa move mar
swe move nwy
tun move wes
ven support pie
vie move boh
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move arm
arm move bla
bal support den move swe
bla move sev
boh move sil
bre move eng
bud move gal
bul hold
bur move par
con support bul
den move swe
edi move nwy via convoy
gal move ukr
lon move eng
mar support wes move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ber
nth convoy edi move nwy
pic move par
pie move tus
rum support bla move sev
sev support arm move bla
sil move war
spa move gas
swe move bot
tys move gol
ven hold
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
remove bla
remove bre
build Army edi
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army tri
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
arm move sev
bot move lvn
bud move rum
bul support ank move con
con move smy
edi move lvp
gal move war
gas support pic move par
lon move eng
gol move spa/sc
mos move ukr
nap move ion
nth support nwy
pic move par
rum move ukr
sev move bla
sil support gal move war
spa/sc move por
tri move ser
war move sil
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bal move den
bel move hol
ber move mun
bla support bul
bud move vie
bul hold
bur move gas
con support bul
eng move bre
gas move bur
hol hold
ion move tys
lvn move bot
lvp move wal
mar support bur move gas
mos move stp
mun move bur
nth move den
par support gas move bur
por support spa/sc
sev move mos
sil move pru
smy move arm
spa/sc support por
swe hold
tus hold
ven hold
war support sev move mos
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
remove bot
remove gas
build Army lon
build Fleet nap
build Fleet smy
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bal move den
ber move kie
bla support bul
bre move mid
bul hold
bur move bel
con move aeg
gre support ser move bul
hol support bur move bel
mar move gas
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nap move ion
nth move eng
nwy move stp
par move bre
por move mid
pru move lvn
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
smy move eas
spa/sc support por move mid
stp hold
swe support bal move den
tri move adr
tus move pie
tys move gol
ven support tus move pie
vie move gal
war move ukr
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
England: army/dislodged bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bel move pic
bul move con
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr move alb
aeg move bul/sc
bel hold
bla support aeg move bul
bul hold
con support aeg move bul
den move ska
eas move aeg
eng convoy lon move bel
gal move ukr
gas support ruh move bur
gre support bul
hol support bel
ion hold
kie move ruh
lon move bel via convoy
lvn support ukr move mos
gol support pie move mar
mid move iri
mos move ukr
par move bur
pic support lon move bel
pie move mar
ruh move bur
rum move sev
sev move rum
spa/sc move mid
stp hold
swe hold
ukr move mos
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Turkey: army/dislodged mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bul move ser
mos move war
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet nap
remove nwy
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul/sc move gre
alb support gre
bel move pic
bla support sev move rum
bre move mid
bul/sc move gre
bur support bel move pic
con move bul
eng support bre move mid
gas move bre
gre hold
hol move nth
ion move eas
iri move eng
lvn move war
gol move spa/sc
mid support gas move bre
mar support gol move spa
mos move sev
nap move ion
par move bre
pic move bre
ruh move bel
rum support mos move sev
ser move rum
sev move rum
ska move nwy
stp support lvn move mos
swe support ska move nwy
ukr support mos move sev
war move ukr
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
rum move bud
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb move gre
bel hold
bla move sev
bre hold
bud support ser move rum
bul/sc support aeg move gre
bur support pic move par
con move smy
eas move smy
eng convoy wal move bre
gre move bul/sc
ion hold
iri move lvp
lvn support ukr move war
mid move nat
nth move edi
par move bre
pic move par
rum move ser
ser move rum
spa/sc move mid
stp move mos
swe move fin
ukr move war
ven move pie
wal move bre via convoy
war move ukr
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Italy: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: army/dislodged par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Turkey: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Turkey: army/dislodged war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
par disband
war move gal
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove eng
build Army kie
remove lon
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army stp
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
bel move ruh
ber move sil
bre hold
bud move ser
bur move mun
eas support ion move aeg
edi move yor
fin move stp
ion move aeg
kie move ber
lvp move wal
mid move eng
mos support stp move lvn
mun move tyr
nat move mid
nap move ion
nwy support fin move stp
par move pic
pie move ven
stp move lvn
tri move alb
wal move lvp
war move gal
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Austria: army/dislodged lvn
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
lvn move pru
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg support eas move smy
alb move gre
ber support sil
bla move bul/ec
bre hold
bul/sc move aeg
con move smy
eas move smy
eng move lon
gal move war
gre support bla move bul
ion move gre
lvn move stp
lvp move wal
mid move wes
mos support lvn move stp
mun move tyr
nwy support stp
pic support bre
pru move war
ruh move mun
rum support war move gal
ser support alb move gre
sev hold
sil support gal move war
stp hold
tyr move vie
wal move lvp
war move gal
yor support eng move lon
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Army kie
remove lvn
build Army rom
remove wal
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg support eas move smy
ber move pru
bla support bul/sc move con
bre hold
bul/sc move con
con move ank
eas move smy
gal move war
gre support ser move bul
ion hold
kie move ber
lvp move iri
mar move pie
mos hold
mun move boh
pic hold
pru move war
rom move apu
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev support war move mos
sil support ber move pru
stp hold
tyr move tri
vie support tyr move tri
war move mos
wes move tys
yor hold
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: army/dislodged pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Austria: fleet/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
mos move lvn
pru move lvn
tri move adr
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg support smy
ank support con move smy
ber move sil
bla move bul/ec
boh move vie
con move smy
gal move bud
iri move mid
pru support sil move war
sil move war
smy support bul move con
stp hold
tri support vie move bud
tys move wes
vie move bud
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove con
build Fleet kie
build Army mun
build Army rom
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg support smy move con
ank support bla move con
apu move ven
ber move kie
bla move con
bud support vie move gal
ion move tys
kie move hol
lon move nth
mid move eng
mun move tyr
nwy move nth
pie move mar
pru move lvn
rom move tus
sil move war
smy move con
stp support pru move lvn
tri support mun move tyr
ven move tyr
vie move gal
war move ukr
wes move mid
yor support nwy move nth
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg move con
ank move con
apu support ven
bla support ank move con
bre hold
bud support ukr move rum
eng support lon
gal support ukr move rum
hol move bel
kie move mun
lon hold
lvn move mos
mid move nat
mar move bur
nth support yor move lon
pic support bre
smy support aeg move con
stp support lvn move mos
tri hold
tus move pie
tyr support tri
tys move gol
ukr move rum
ven support adr move tri
war support lvn move mos
yor move lon
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Austria: army/dislodged mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
