PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move kie
bud move ser
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move sev
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move gas
rom move nap
sev move bla
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
vie move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move tri
ank move bla
bla support sev move rum
bot move swe
bre move pic
con move bul
gal move rum
gas move spa
hol move bel
ion convoy nap move tun
kie move den
nap move tun
nth convoy yor move den
nrg move nwy
ruh move bur
ser support gal move rum
sev move rum
smy move arm
spa move por
ven move apu
yor move den
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army bud
build Army con
build Fleet lon
build Army mar
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move bla
arm move sev
bel move pic
bla move sev
bud support vie move gal
bul move gre
bur support bel move pic
con move smy
ion move gre
kie move den
lon move eng
mar support spa move gas
mos move war
nap move ion
nth support pic move bel
par hold
pic move bel
por move spa
rum support arm move sev
ser support ion move gre
sev move ukr
spa move gas
swe move bal
tri move alb
vie move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb hold
apu move ven
bal move kie
ber move kie
bla support ukr move sev
bud move rum
bul support sev move rum
bur move ruh
den move swe
eng support pic move bel
gal support rum move ukr
gas move bur
gre support ser move bul
ion move eas
mar support gas move bur
nth convoy yor move hol
nwy move ska
par hold
pic move bel
rum move ukr
ser move bul
sev move rum
spa move gas
ukr move sev
war move gal
yor move hol
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
England: army hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: army/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bul disband
sev disband
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bla
build Fleet bre
build Fleet con
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Fleet nap
build Army vie
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move tri
ank move bla
bal move bot
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move rum
bul support bud move rum
bur move mun
con move aeg
eas support gre move aeg
eng support lon move nth
gal support ukr move war
gas move bur
gre move aeg
hol move kie
kie move den
lon move nth
mos move ukr
nap move ion
nth move den
par move bre
ruh move bur
sev support mos move ukr
ska support nth move den
smy move con
swe move nwy
ukr move war
vie move boh
war support mos move ukr
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
war move mos
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move smy
bel hold
ber move mun
bla support con move bul/ec
boh move sil
bot move swe
bre move pic
bul move con
con move bul/ec
den support hol move kie
eas move smy
eng move nth
gal support rum
gas move bur
hol move kie
ion convoy tun move gre
kie move hol
mid move bre
mar hold
mos support ukr move war
mun hold
nth move nwy
ruh support kie move hol
rum move ukr
sev move ukr
ska support nth move nwy
smy hold
tun move gre
ukr move war
ven move rom
war move ukr
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army/dislodged bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: army/dislodged nwy
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army/dislodged smy
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Austria: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bul move ser
nwy move stp
smy move con
war move lvn
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet lon
remove lvn
build Fleet nap
build Army par
remove ruh
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
bel move hol
ber move mun
bla support rum move sev
bre move eng
bul/ec support con
bur move mun
con support bul/ec
den move bal
gal support sil move war
gre support ser move bul
ion move aeg
kie support ber move mun
lon move eng
mos support war
mun move kie
nap move tys
nth support lon move eng
par move bur
rom move nap
rum move sev
ser move bul
sev move arm
sil move war
ska move den
smy support aeg move con
tri hold
war hold
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet/dislodged bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: army/dislodged con
Italy: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bul/ec disband
con disband
mun move boh
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
arm move sev
bal support nwy move swe
bel move eng
bla support sev
boh support bur move mun
bre move mid
bul support con
bur move mun
con move ank
den support hol move kie
eng move nth
gal support sil move war
hol move kie
kie move mun
mar move pie
mos support arm move sev
mun move tyr
nap move tun
nth move nwy
nwy move swe
par move bre
pic move bel
sev move mos
sil move war
smy support aeg move con
tri move adr
tys convoy nap move tun
war move ukr
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
Germany: army/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Austria: army/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
kie move ber
sev move rum
swe move bot
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
remove bla
remove bot
build Army lon
build Fleet lvp
build Fleet rom
remove stp
build Army tri
remove ukr
build Army ven
build Army vie
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
ank move bla
bal convoy kie move lvn
ber move kie
boh move tyr
bul hold
con move aeg
den move kie
eng move mid
gal move ukr
kie move lvn
lon move nwy
lvp move iri
mid move wes
mos move stp
mun support boh move tyr
nth convoy lon move nwy
nwy move nrg
pie move ven
rom move tys
rum support gal move ukr
sev hold
smy move eas
swe move bot
tri move tyr
tyr move mun
tys move gol
ven hold
vie support tyr move boh
war move mos
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
bal move ber
bel move bur
ber move kie
bla support rum move sev
bot support nwy move stp
bre move spa
den move kie
eas move ion
ion move tys
iri move mid
lvn move war
gol move mar
mid convoy bre move spa
mos support rum move sev
mun move tyr
nth move eng
nrg move nth
nwy move stp
pie move mar
rum move sev
sev move mos
stp hold
tri move tyr
tyr move ven
tys move gol
ukr move war
ven support tri move tyr
vie support tri move tyr
wes support bre move spa
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Austria: fleet/dislodged ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: army/dislodged stp
Germany: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: army/dislodged tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ion move adr
stp move fin
tyr move boh
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove fin
build Army lon
build Army tri
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal support den move kie
ber move pru
bla move con
boh move tyr
bot hold
bud move gal
bur move mar
den move kie
eng move bre
gre move alb
ion move tun
iri move eng
lon move den
lvn move pru
gol support ven move pie
mid support wes
mos support ukr move war
mun support boh move tyr
nth convoy lon move den
pie support boh move tyr
sev support mos
spa support bur move mar
stp move mos
tri support tyr
tun move naf
tyr support vie move boh
tys move tus
ukr move war
ven move pie
vie move boh
wes support spa
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army/dislodged boh
England: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
boh move sil
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
France: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal convoy den move ber
ber move kie
boh move mun
bot support lvn
bre move gas
bul move ser
con move aeg
den move ber
eng hold
gal move war
ion support tus move tys
kie support den move ber
lvn hold
gol support tun move wes
mid support spa
mar support spa
mos hold
mun support sil
naf move spa
nth hold
pie move mar
sev support mos
sil support mun
spa support mar
stp move mos
tri move ser
tun move wes
tus move tys
tyr support boh move mun
war move sil
wes support mid
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
Germany: army/dislodged ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: fleet gas
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
France: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber disband
mun move bur
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: fleet gas
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
France: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army lon
build Army vie
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: fleet gas
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
France: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal support stp move lvn
ber move mun
bot move stp/sc
bre support mid
bul move ser
bur support sil move mun
gal support war
gas support spa
ion move tys
kie move hel
lon move hol
lvn move pru
gol support pie move mar
mid support spa
mar support spa
mos support war
mun move ruh
naf move tun
nth convoy lon move hol
pie move mar
sev support mos
sil move mun
spa support mar
stp move lvn
tri move tyr
tyr move mun
tys move wes
vie move boh
war hold
wes move naf
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: fleet gas
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr convoy alb move ven
alb move ven
bal move ber
ber move sil
boh support tyr move mun
eng support mid
gal support war
gas support spa
hel support hol move kie
hol move kie
ion support tun
lvn hold
gol support pie move mar
mos hold
naf move mid
nth move hol
pie move mar
pru support ber move sil
ruh move bur
ser move rum
sev support mos
stp/sc support lvn
tri move tyr
tun move naf
tys support gol
war hold
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: fleet gas
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove adr
build Army rom
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: fleet gas
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move bal
boh support tyr move mun
eng support mid
gal support war
gas support spa
hel move hol
hol move bel
ion move tys
kie support mun
lvn support pru
gol move spa/sc
mar support gol move spa/sc
mos support war
naf move mid
pru support sil
rom move ven
ruh support tyr move mun
rum move ukr
sev support mos
sil support mun
stp/sc support lvn
tri move tyr
tun move naf
tyr move mun
tys move gol
ven move pie
wes support gol move spa/sc
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: fleet gas
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: army/dislodged spa
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: fleet gas
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move den
boh support tyr move mun
eng support gas move bre
gal move sil
gas move bre
hol move nth
kie support mun
lvn move war
gol convoy tun move spa
mar support tun move spa
mos support war
naf move mid
pie support mar
pru support sil
ruh move bur
sev support mos
sil support mun
spa/sc move por
stp/sc hold
tri move tyr
tun move spa
tyr move mun
tys convoy tun move spa
ukr support war
ven support pie
war hold
wes support naf move mid
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
France: fleet/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: fleet/dislodged mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Army lon
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel support edi move hol
boh support gal move sil
bre move mid
den move kie
edi move hol
eng convoy lon move pic
gal move sil
kie move ber
lon move pic
lvn support pru
gol support pie move mar
mid move iri
mar move gas
mos move lvn
nap move tys
nth convoy edi move hol
pie move mar
por support wes move mid
pru support sil
rom move ven
ruh support tyr move mun
sev move mos
sil hold
spa support mar move gas
stp/sc support lvn
tri move tyr
tyr move mun
tys move wes
ukr support war
ven move pie
war support mos move lvn
wes move mid
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move eng
ber move kie
boh support gal move sil
bre move mid
eng move iri
gal move sil
gas move par
hol move ruh
iri move lvp
kie move hel
lvn hold
gol move wes
mid move nat
mar move bur
mos move lvn
mun support gal move sil
nth move nrg
pic move par
pie move mar
por support wes move mid
pru move ber
ruh support mun
sev support mos
sil move mun
spa move gas
stp/sc support lvn
tyr support mun
tys move tun
ukr support war
war support mos move lvn
wes move mid
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
Italy: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: army/dislodged sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
sil move pru
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove hel
build Fleet nap
build Army tri
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber support pru
boh support tyr move mun
bre support iri move mid
eng move bel
gas support mar move bur
hol support kie
iri move mid
kie support ber
lvn support pru
lvp support mid move iri
mid move iri
mar move bur
mos move lvn
mun move ber
nat support mid move iri
nap move ion
nrg move nat
pic move par
pie move mar
por support wes move mid
pru support ber
ruh move kie
sil support mun move ber
spa support gas
stp/sc support lvn
tun move wes
tyr move mun
ukr support war
ven hold
war move pru
wes move mid
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: army par
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: army par
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move eng
ber support sil move pru
boh move sil
bre move gas
bur support gas move par
gas move par
hol support kie
ion move aeg
iri support nrg move nat
kie support pru move ber
lvn hold
lvp support mid move iri
mid move iri
mar support spa move gas
mos move lvn
mun move kie
nat support mid move iri
nrg move nat
par hold
por move mid
pru move ber
ruh support mun move kie
sev move mos
sil move pru
spa move gas
stp/sc support lvn
tri hold
ukr move gal
war support mos move lvn
wes support por move mid
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
England: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
England: fleet/dislodged iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
England: army/dislodged par
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
iri move wal
par move pic
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Army nap
build Army vie
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move con
ber support mun move kie
bre move mid
bur move pic
edi support wal move lvp
eng move iri
gal move ukr
gas move bre
hol support pic move bel
iri support mid move eng
kie move ruh
lvn move stp
lvp support nat
mid move eng
mar move gas
mos move stp
mun move kie
nat support lvp
nap move apu
nrg move cly
par support gas move bre
pic move bel
pru move lvn
ruh support mun move kie
sil move mun
stp/sc move bot
tri support vie move tyr
tun move ion
vie move tyr
wal move lvp
war support pru move lvn
wes move mid
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
England: fleet bot
Italy: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
England: fleet/dislodged eng
Italy: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
England: army/dislodged kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
eng move nth
kie move den
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
England: fleet bot
Italy: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu move ven
bel move lon
ber support mun move kie
bot move swe
cly move lvp
den support hol move kie
edi support cly move lvp
eng support iri move wal
gas move bur
hol move kie
iri move wal
kie move hol
lvn move stp
mos support lvn move stp
mun move kie
nat support lvp
nth convoy bel move lon
par support gas move bur
pic move bel
ruh support kie move hol
sev move arm
tyr move mun
ukr move rum
ven move pie
wal move iri
war move mos
wes move mid
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
England: fleet cly
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Italy: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove hol
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
build Army vie
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
England: fleet cly
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
arm move smy
bel support ruh move hol
ber move kie
bre support par move pic
bud move ser
bur support par move pic
cly move nrg
con move ank
den hold
edi move cly
eng support wal move lon
ion move aeg
kie move hol
lon hold
lvp support nat
mid move iri
mos move sev
mun support ber move kie
nat support lvp
nap move tys
nth support lon
par move pic
pie support ven
rom move tus
ruh support kie move hol
rum move bul
stp move fin
swe move nwy
tri move alb
tyr move pie
ven support pie
vie move tri
wal move lon
war move mos
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
England: army cly
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
Italy: supply gre
Austria: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Italy: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
alb move gre
ank support aeg move con
bel support lon move hol
bre move par
bul move con
bur move ruh
cly move lvp
den move kie
eng move bre
fin support mos move stp
hol support ruh move bel
iri move mid
kie move den
lon move hol
lvp move iri
mos move stp
mun support tyr
nth convoy lon move hol
nrg move nwy
nwy move swe
pic support bur
pie support ven
ruh move bel
ser support alb move gre
sev move arm
smy support bul move con
tri move ven
tus move rom
tyr support tri move ven
tys move ion
ven support pie
wal move eng
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
remove bre
build Army bud
remove iri
remove nat
build Army vie
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support ank move con
ank move con
arm move ank
bel move hol
bud move rum
bul support gre
bur support bel
den move kie
eng move nth
fin support stp move nwy
gre hold
hol support ruh move bel
ion move gre
kie support hol
lon hold
lvp move yor
mid move wes
mun move bur
nth move hel
nwy move swe
par support bur
pic support bel
pie support ven
rom move apu
ruh move bel
ser support gre
smy support arm move ank
stp move nwy
swe move bot
tri support tyr
tyr support tri
ven hold
vie move boh
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Austria: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Austria: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support con move smy
ank support bul move con
apu move alb
bel hold
boh move sil
bot move stp/sc
bul move con
bur move bel
con move smy
den move kie
fin move stp
gre hold
hel move hol
hol support bel
ion convoy apu move alb
lon move nwy
mun move bur
nth move hol
nwy move stp
par move bur
pic support bur move bel
pie support ven
rum move bul
ser support gre
smy support bul move con
swe support lon move nwy
tri move ven
tyr support tri move ven
wes move tun
yor move edi
PHASE 1913 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Austria: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Austria: army/dislodged bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
England: fleet bot
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Austria: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army/dislodged smy
Italy: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bel move ruh
smy move arm
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
England: fleet bot
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
