PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move sev
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move apu
sev move rum
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
vie move bud
war move sil
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
apu move ven
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
bot move swe
bud support rum
bul move rum
den move swe
ion move tun
kie move ber
mid move por
nth support pic move bel
nrg move nwy
pic move bel
ruh move hol
rum move bla
ser support alb move gre
sev support rum
sil move mun
spa hold
ven move tyr
yor move lon
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Fleet con
build Fleet edi
build Army kie
build Army mar
build Army mos
build Army par
build Army rom
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bel support par move bur
ber support kie move mun
bla move rum
bot move bal
bre move pic
bud move ser
bul hold
con support bul
den move swe
edi move nth
gre move aeg
hol hold
kie move mun
mar move pie
mos move stp
mun move sil
nth move eng
nwy move swe
par move bur
por move mid
rum support sev
ser move gre
sev support rum
spa move mar
tri move alb
tun move ion
tyr support vie move boh
vie move boh
war move pru
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre move bul
alb move gre
arm move smy
bal move swe
bel support pic
ber support mun
bla support bul
boh support tyr move mun
bul hold
bur support tyr move mun
con move aeg
den move bal
eng hold
gre move bul
hol move kie
ion move eas
lon move den via convoy
mid hold
mar move spa
mun support ber
nth convoy lon move den
nwy move stp/nc
pic support bel
pie support ven move tyr
pru support sil move ber
rum move bla
ser support gre move bul
sev hold
sil move ber
stp move mos
tyr move mun
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mun disband
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet edi
build Fleet lon
build Army nap
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul move con
bal hold
bel move hol
ber move kie
bla move con
boh support bur move mun
bud support ser move rum
bul move con
bur move bel
con move aeg
den move swe
eas move smy
edi move nrg
eng support lon move nth
gre move bul/sc
kie hold
lon move nth
mid move nat
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nap move rom
nth move nwy
pic move bre
pie move mar
pru move lvn
rom move ven
rum hold
ser move rum
sev move arm
smy hold
stp/nc support nth move nwy
swe move nwy
ven move tyr
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Austria: army con
Turkey: fleet/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: fleet/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
con move ank
rum move sev
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support con
ank move con
arm support smy
bal support kie move ber
bel support hol
ber move sil
bla support sev move rum
boh support tyr move mun
bre move mid
bud support rum
bul/sc support con
con support eas move smy
den support kie
eas move smy
eng move bel
hol support bel
kie move ber
lon move eng
lvn move stp
mar move gas
mos support lvn move stp
nat move lvp
nth support eng move bel
nrg support stp/nc move nwy
rom move tus
ruh support tyr move mun
sev move rum
smy hold
spa move por
stp/nc move nwy
swe move nwy
tyr move mun
ven move tyr
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove arm
remove bla
build Fleet bre
remove lon
build Fleet mar
remove nrg
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move smy
ank support smy move con
bal support den move swe
bel support gas move bur
ber move kie
boh move sil
bre support mid move eng
bud support vie move gal
bul/sc move con
con move ank
den support nwy move swe
eng hold
gas move bur
hol support ruh move kie
lvp move iri
mid move eng
mar move spa/sc
mos move ukr
nth support eng
nwy move swe
rum move ukr
sev hold
sil move pru
smy move con
stp support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tri move ser
vie move gal
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
ank support con
bal move ber
bel support bur move ruh
bre support mid move eng
bud move rum
bul/sc move con
bur move ruh
con hold
eas support aeg move smy
eng hold
gal support rum move ukr
hol support ruh move kie
iri support mid move eng
kie hold
mid move eng
mos support pru move war
mun support ruh move kie
nth support eng
nwy move nrg
por move spa
pru move war
ruh move kie
rum move ukr
ser support bud move rum
sev move rum
sil move war
spa/sc move mid
stp move lvn
swe hold
tus move ven
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: fleet/dislodged eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
eng move wal
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet rom
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank support con
bel move wal via convoy
ber hold
bre move pic
bud move gal
bul/sc support smy move con
con move smy
den support ber move kie
eas move aeg
eng convoy bel move wal
gal move sil
hol move bel
iri move nat
kie support mun move ber
lvn support war
mid move iri
mos support war
mun move ber
nth move lon
nrg move nat
rom move tys
ruh move hol
rum move sev
ser move gre
sev move rum
sil move pru
smy move con
swe move bot
tyr move mun
ukr support rum move sev
ven move tyr
wal move lvp
war hold
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Germany: fleet/dislodged ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Austria: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: fleet/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber disband
sev move bla
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Austria: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg convoy gre move smy
ank move con
bel move ruh
ber support pru
bla move sev
bot move swe
bul/sc support con
con support gre move smy
eng support wal move lon
gal move rum
gre move smy via convoy
hol support bel move ruh
iri support mid move nat
lvn move stp
mid move nat
mos support bla move sev
pic move bel
pru support sil move war
sev support ukr
sil move war
spa move mar
ukr support sev
wal move lon
war move ukr
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Austria: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
France: army lon
England: fleet/dislodged lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army/dislodged sev
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
sev move arm
war move gal
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army edi
remove swe
build Army vie
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
arm move sev
bel move nth
bud move gal
bul/sc hold
con support smy move ank
den move swe
edi support lvp
eng support lon move wal
gal move vie
iri support nat move lvp
lon move wal
lvp hold
mos hold
nat move lvp
nrg move nat
pru move lvn
rum support arm move sev
sev move bla
smy move ank
stp support mos
ukr move mos
vie support bud move gal
war support ukr move mos
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
gal move sil
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bla move rum
con support ank
edi move cly
eng move lon
gal move war
hol support ruh move kie
iri support wal move lvp
lvn move stp
lvp move iri
mar move pie
mos hold
nat support wal move lvp
nth support kie move den
nrg move edi
ruh move kie
rum support sev
sev support war move mos
sil move war
stp support mos
swe hold
ukr support war move mos
vie move boh
wal move lvp
war move mos
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
England: army cly
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
Italy: army/dislodged kie
Italy: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
England: army cly
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
remove arm
remove bla
build Army bud
build Fleet mar
build Army par
remove sil
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
England: army cly
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
ank move smy
boh support vie move tyr
bud move tri
bul/sc move aeg
con support bul/sc move aeg
edi move nrg
gal move vie
hol move kie
iri move mid
kie move den
lon move eng
lvn support mos move stp
mar move gol
mos move stp
nat move nrg
nth move nwy
par move bur
pie move ven
rum move bud
sev move rum
stp hold
swe move nwy
tri move adr
ukr move mos
vie move tyr
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet/dislodged aeg
Austria: supply ank
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
England: army cly
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
France: army den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Russia: army/dislodged stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army/dislodged tyr
Italy: fleet tys
France: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
stp move fin
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
England: army cly
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
France: army den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
France: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr move apu
aeg move ion
boh move sil
bud move gal
bur move mun
con move aeg
den support fin move swe
eng move nth
fin move swe
kie support bur move mun
lvn support mos move stp
gol move tus
mid move wes
mos move stp
nat move mid
nth move nwy
rum move ser
stp move nwy
tri move ven
tyr support tri move ven
ven move rom
vie move boh
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army cly
Austria: supply con
France: army den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
Italy: army/dislodged mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army cly
Austria: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bre
build Army bud
build Fleet mar
build Army par
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army cly
Austria: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
apu support ion move nap
bre move par via convoy
bud move vie
den move swe
eng move mid
gal move boh
ion move nap
kie move ber
lvn move pru
mid move naf
mar move pie
mos move stp
mun support kie move ber
nth support swe move nwy
par move bur
rom move nap
ser move tri
sil support boh move mun
stp move fin
swe move nwy
tri move adr
tus move rom
tyr support boh move mun
ven move pie
wes move tun
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
England: army cly
Austria: supply con
France: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
France: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
boh move mun
bur support mun
cly move edi
edi move nrg
fin support stp move nwy
gal move boh
ion move tys
lvp move yor
mid move wes
mar move pie
mun support ber
nap support ion move tys
nth move den
nwy support swe
par move pic
pru move ber
rom hold
sil support pru move ber
stp move nwy
swe support nwy
tri support vie move tyr
tun support tus move tys
tus move tys
tyr move pie
ven support tyr move pie
vie move tyr
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
France: army/dislodged ber
Italy: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
France: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
ber move kie
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
France: army swe
France: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
remove edi
build Army par
build Army vie
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
France: army swe
France: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
adr convoy tri move apu
apu move ion
ber support boh move mun
bre move eng
bud move tri
bur move ruh
den move bal
fin support stp move nwy
gal move war
ion move nap
kie support mun move ber
mar move pie
mun move ber
naf move tun
nap move rom
nwy support swe
par move gas
pic move bur
pie move mar
rom move ven
sil support boh move mun
stp move nwy
swe support nwy
tri move apu via convoy
tun support wes move tys
tus support wes move tys
tyr support boh move mun
ven support nap move rom
vie move boh
wes move tys
yor move lon
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army apu
France: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Austria: army/dislodged ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
France: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
France: army swe
France: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
ber move pru
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army apu
France: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
France: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
France: army swe
France: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
apu support rom
bal support ber
boh move mun
bur move mun
eng move nth
fin move swe
gas move bur
ion move tys
kie support bur move mun
lon move yor
mar support tus move pie
naf move wes
nap support ion move tys
nrg move bar
nwy support stp move swe
pie move mar
pru move ber
rom support ion move tys
ruh support bur move mun
sil support boh move mun
smy move con
stp move mos
swe support nwy
tri move alb
tus move pie
tyr support boh move mun
tys move gol
ven move tus
vie move boh
war move lvn
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army apu
France: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
France: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army/dislodged pie
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
France: army swe
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
pie move ven
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army apu
France: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
France: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
France: army swe
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
build Army par
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army apu
France: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
France: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
France: army swe
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
alb move tri
apu move rom
bal support ber
bar support yor move nwy
ber support bur move mun
boh move mun
bur move mun
con move bul
fin move nwy
gas move mar
ion support tys
kie support bur move mun
lvn support mos move stp
gol support pie move tus
mar move pie
mos move stp
nap support tys
nth convoy yor move nwy
nwy support swe move fin
par move bur
pie move tus
pru move ber
rom move tus
ruh support bur move mun
sil support pru move ber
swe support yor move nwy
tus move pie
tyr support tus move pie
tys support rom move tus
ven support tus move pie
wes support tun
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
France: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
France: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
France: army swe
France: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move bot
bar move stp/nc
ber hold
boh support sil
bul move rum
bur support mun
fin support stp
ion support nap move tys
kie support ber
lvn support pru
gol hold
mar support gol
mun hold
nap move tys
nth hold
nwy support swe move fin
pie move mar
pru hold
ruh support mun
sil support pru
stp support fin
swe move fin
tri move ven
tun hold
tus support tys move gol
tyr support ven move pie
tys move gol
ven move pie
vie move gal
wes support tun
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
France: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: fleet/dislodged gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
France: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
gol move spa/sc
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
France: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
France: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army par
build Army vie
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
France: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
France: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bar support fin move stp
ber hold
boh move mun
bot move lvn
bre move mid
bur support mun
fin move stp
gal move war
gas move mar
ion move tun
kie support ber
lvn support stp
gol move wes
mar move gol
mun hold
nth hold
nwy support fin move stp
par move pic
pie move mar
pru support sil
ruh support mun
rum move sev
spa/sc support gas move mar
tri move ven
tun hold
tus hold
tyr support boh move mun
tys support ion move tun
ven move pie
vie move gal
wes move tys
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
France: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
France: army stp
Austria: army/dislodged stp
Austria: supply stp
France: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
stp move mos
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
France: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
France: army stp
Austria: supply stp
France: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bar support nwy move stp
ber hold
bot support stp
bur support mun
gas move mar
ion support tys move tun
kie support ber
lvn support mos
gol move wes
mid move wes
mar move gol
mun hold
nth move edi
nwy support stp
pic move bel
pie move mar
ruh support mun
spa/sc support mar move gol
tri move vie
tun move ion
tus move tys
tys move tun
ven move pie
war support sil
wes move tun
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
France: supply den
France: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Austria: fleet/dislodged gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
France: army stp
Austria: supply stp
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
France: fleet/dislodged tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
gol move tus
tun move naf
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
France: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
France: army stp
France: supply stp
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bar
build Fleet mar
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
France: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
France: army stp
France: supply stp
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
