PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move eng
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar support par move bur
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move ven
sev move rum
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move tri
vie move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move adr
arm move sev
bla move rum
bot move swe
bud move tri
bul support bla move rum
bur support eng move bel
edi move nwy via convoy
eng move bel
gal move vie
hol support ruh move bel
ion move gre
kie move den
mar move spa
nth move lon
nrg convoy edi move nwy
ruh move bel
rum move bla
ser support bud move tri
tri support gal move vie
ukr move sev
ven support tri
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet con
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lvp
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army rom
remove ser
build Fleet sev
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/nc
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
arm move smy
bud support vie move tri
bul move ser
bur support eng move bel
con move aeg
den move swe
eng move bel
gre move aeg
hol move bel
kie move hol
lon move eng
lvp move wal
mos support sev
mun move bur
nap move ion
nrg move nat
par support bur
rom move ven
ruh support hol move bel
rum hold
sev hold
smy move eas
spa hold
stp/nc hold
swe move ska
tri support vie move bud
ukr move gal
ven move pie
vie move bud
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
bel hold
bud support tri move ser
bur move mar
con move aeg
eas support con move aeg
eng move mid
gal support sev move rum
gre move bul/sc
hol support bel
ion move gre
lon move nth
mos move ukr
mun move bur
nat move mid
par move pic
pie move mar
rom move ven
ruh support mun move bur
rum move bul/ec
ser move bul
sev move rum
ska move nth
smy move con
spa move por
stp/nc support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tri move ser
wal move lon
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: army nwy
England: army/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Turkey: fleet/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Turkey: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bur move par
nwy disband
rum move bla
ser move alb
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove adr
remove alb
build Fleet kie
build Army mar
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Fleet sev
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
bel move pic
bud hold
bur move mar
con move bul
eas move aeg
eng move mid
gal move ukr
gre support ion move aeg
hol support bel
ion move aeg
kie move hel
lon move eng
mar support par move bur
mos move ukr
mun move bur
nat move mid
nap move ion
nwy move swe
par move bur
pic support par move bur
pie support bur move mar
por move spa
ruh support mun move bur
rum support sev move bla
ser hold
sev move bla
ska move nth
stp/nc move nwy
ukr move sev
ven move tri
wal support lon move eng
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Turkey: fleet/dislodged bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet/dislodged eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
France: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bla move ank
eng move bre
mar move gas
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
ank move arm
bel move pic
bla move ank
bre move mid
bul move rum
bur support mar
con move smy
eng support nat move mid
gal move ukr
gas move mar
gre support aeg move bul
hel move den
hol move nth
ion move tun
mar support bur
mos move sev
nat move mid
nth move edi
nwy move nrg
par move bur
pic move bre
pie support mar
ruh support bur
rum support bla
ser support aeg move bul
sev move arm
spa support gas move mar
swe move nwy
tri hold
wal move iri
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Russia: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bul move con
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bre
remove eas
remove iri
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army ven
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank support con
bel move eng
bla move ank
bul/sc move aeg
bur support ruh move bel
con move bul
den support nth
edi move cly
eng support mid move bre
gas support pic move bur
gre hold
mid move bre
mar support bur
mos move stp
mun support bur
nap move ion
nth convoy nwy move yor
nrg move nat
nwy move yor via convoy
par support pic move bur
pic move bur
pie support mar
ruh move bel
rum move bla
ser move bul
sev move arm
smy move aeg
spa move mar
stp/nc move bar
tri move ser via convoy
tun move tys
ukr move sev
ven move tri via convoy
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
arm move ank
bar move nrg
bel move pic
bla support arm move ank
bud move gal
bul/sc support gre move aeg
bur move mar
cly move lvp
con support ank
den move swe
eng support bre
gas support bur move mar
gre move aeg
ion move eas
mar support mun move bur
mun move bur
nat support cly move lvp
nth support yor move lon
par move bre
pie support mar
ruh support mun move bur
rum support bla
ser move bul
sev move arm
smy move aeg
spa support bur move mar
tri support ser
tys move wes
ven hold
yor move lon
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Russia: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove eng
build Fleet kie
build Army mun
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move smy
ank move con
arm move ank
ber move kie
bla support arm move ank
bre hold
bul/sc move con
bur support pie move mar
con move smy
eas support aeg move smy
gal move ukr
gas move bur
kie move hel
lon move yor
lvp move nat
mar support gas move bur
mun support bur
nat move mid
nth move eng
par support gas move bur
pic support nth move eng
pie move mar
ruh move bel
ser support bul/sc
sev move mos
smy move syr
spa hold
stp move nwy
swe move nwy
tri move tyr
ven support pie
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Russia: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: fleet syr
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
ank move con
bel move pic
bla support rum move bul
bre hold
bul/sc support con
bur support bel move pic
con move smy
eas support smy
eng support pic move bre
gas move spa
hel move nth
kie move ruh
mid move por
mar support par move bur
mos move ukr
mun support bur
nat hold
nrg hold
par move bur
pic move bre
pie move mar
rum move bul/ec
ser move bud
smy hold
spa move por
stp move fin
swe move nwy
syr support con move smy
tyr move vie
ukr move rum
ven support pie
wes move spa/sc
yor move edi
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Italy: fleet/dislodged bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: fleet syr
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: fleet syr
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove con
build Fleet kie
remove nat
build Army nap
build Army rom
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: fleet syr
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move smy
ber move pru
bla move con
bre move gas
bud hold
bul/ec support bla move con
bur move par
eas move aeg
edi move lvp
eng move mid
fin move stp
gas support par
kie move den
mid move nat
mar move bur
mun support ruh move bur
nap move rom
nth support nwy
nrg move edi
nwy support nth
par support mar move bur
pic support bur move par
pie move mar
rom move ven
ruh move bur
rum move bud
spa move mar
syr move smy
ukr move gal
ven support pie
vie hold
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: fleet syr
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
ank support con move smy
bud hold
bul/ec support con
bur support par move gas
con move smy
den move nth
edi hold
gal move war
gas support mar
lvp support nth move edi
mid move por
mar support spa
mun move sil
nat move lvp
nap move rom
nth move edi
nwy support den move nth
par move gas
pic move par
pie move mar
pru move war
rom move ven
rum move bud
spa support mar
stp move nwy
syr move eas
ven move tri
vie support bud
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Russia: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Germany: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Italy: fleet/dislodged smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
smy move aeg
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Germany: fleet por
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet kie
build Army mos
build Army mun
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Germany: fleet por
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg hold
ank move smy
bre move mid
bud hold
bul/ec move con
bur move mar
den move ska
edi move cly
gal move war
gas support por move spa
gre support aeg
kie move den
lvp move edi
mar support spa
mos support gal move war
mun move sil
nat move iri
nth support nwy move nrg
nwy move nrg
par move pic
pie support bur move mar
por move spa/sc
pru support sil move war
rom move ven
rum hold
sil move war
smy move aeg
spa support mar
stp hold
tri move ser
ven move tri
vie move gal
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet cly
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support gre
ank move con
bud move gal
cly move lvp
con move bul/ec
den move nth
eas move smy
edi move lvp
gal move war
gas move bur
gre hold
iri support cly move lvp
mid move iri
mar support spa/sc
mos support gal move war
mun move boh
nth move eng
nrg move cly
pic move bre
pie move tyr
pru support sil move war
rum move bud
ser support tri move bud
sil move war
ska move nwy
smy move aeg
spa/sc support mar
stp move nwy
tri move bud
vie support bud move gal
wes move tys
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Russia: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gal move ukr
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Germany: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove eas
build Fleet kie
build Army mun
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Germany: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg hold
ber move pru
boh support mun
bre move nwy via convoy
bud move rum
bul/ec move con
bur move ruh
cly support iri move lvp
con move bul
edi hold
eng convoy bre move nwy
gal support bud move rum
gre support aeg
iri move lvp
kie move den
mid support eng
mar hold
mos move war
mun support boh
nth convoy bre move nwy
nrg move cly
pru move war
rum move gal
ser support bud move rum
sil support pru move war
ska move swe
smy move aeg
stp move nwy
tyr move tri
tys move ion
ukr support mos move war
ven move tyr
vie move gal
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Russia: fleet cly
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Germany: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
rum move sev
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Russia: fleet cly
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Germany: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg hold
ber move pru
boh support gal
bul/ec support sev move rum
cly support lvp
con support bul/ec
den move nth
edi move lvp
eng move wal
gal support pru move war
gre move bul/sc
ion move eas
lvp hold
mid move iri
mar hold
mos move war
mun move ber
nth move nrg
nrg move nat
pru move war
rum hold
ser support rum
sev move rum
sil support pru move war
smy move aeg
spa/sc move wes
stp hold
swe move nwy
tri move alb
tyr move vie
ukr support sev move rum
vie move bud
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Russia: fleet cly
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet nap
remove stp
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Russia: fleet cly
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move smy
alb hold
ber move pru
boh support sil move gal
bre move pic
bud support rum
bul/ec move rum
cly support lvp move nat
con support smy
eas support aeg move smy
edi move cly
gal hold
gre move bul/sc
iri move lvp
lvp move nat
mar move pie
mos support ukr
nat hold
nap move ion
nth hold
nrg support edi move cly
nwy move bar
pru move lvn
ruh move hol
rum hold
ser support gre move bul
sev support bul/ec move rum
sil move gal
ukr support bul/ec move rum
vie support gal
wal support iri move lvp
war support pru move lvn
wes move tun
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army cly
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Germany: army pie
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Germany: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul/sc
alb move gre
bar convoy hol move stp
boh move gal
bud move rum
bul/sc hold
con support smy
eas move syr
gal hold
hol move stp via convoy
ion move eas
lvn support war move mos
lvp move nat
mos move stp
nat move mid
nth convoy hol move stp
nrg convoy hol move stp
pic move bel
pie move ven
pru move war
rum hold
ser support bud move rum
sev support rum
sil support pru move war
smy hold
tun hold
ukr support rum
vie support gal
wal move lvp
war move mos
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army cly
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: fleet syr
Italy: supply tri
Germany: fleet tun
Germany: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
