PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move hol
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar move pie
mos move stp
mun hold
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move ven
sev move rum
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
tri move ven
ven move tyr
vie move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pie
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
bot move swe
bud move vie
bur move bel
eng move bre
gal support rum
hol support yor move bel
ion move tun
kie move den
mid move spa/sc
nth convoy yor move bel
pie support rom move ven
rom move ven
rum move sev
ser move gre
stp move nwy
tri hold
tyr support rom move ven
yor move bel via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army ber
build Army bud
build Army con
build Fleet kie
build Army lon
build Fleet lvp
build Army mos
build Fleet rom
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
bel move pic
ber move mun
bla support bul move rum
bre move mid
bud move ser
bul move rum
bur move par
con move bul
den move kie
gal support rum
gre move bul
hol hold
kie move den
lon move bel via convoy
lvp move iri
mos move sev
mun move ruh
nth convoy lon move bel
nwy move fin
pie move mar
rom move tys
rum support mos move sev
sev support bul move rum
spa/sc move mid
swe move nwy
tri hold
tun move ion
tyr move tri
ven move rom
vie support tri
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bel move bur
bla support sev move rum
bre move gas
bul support con
con support bul
den move kie
fin move swe
gal support rum
gre support ser move bul
hol support ruh move bel
iri move mid
kie move den
mar move bur
mos move sev
nth support bel
nwy support fin move swe
par move bre
pic move par
ruh move bel
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev move rum
spa/sc move por
tri hold
vie move tyr
war move ukr
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
England: army/dislodged bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
England: fleet gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move pic
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
England: fleet gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army bud
remove mid
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
England: fleet gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm support sev
bel support bre move pic
ber move mun
bla move rum
bre support mar move gas
bud support rum
bul support bla move rum
con support bul
gal support rum
gas move spa/nc
gre support ser move bul
hol move nth
kie move hol
mar move gas
mos support rum move sev
mun move ruh
nwy support hol move nth
par support pic move bre
pic move bre
por move mid
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev support bla move rum
tri move ven
ukr support rum move sev
vie move tri
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nth move yor
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
arm support sev
bel move pic
bla move rum
bre move gas
bud support gal move rum
bul support bla move rum
con support bul
gal move rum
gas move spa
gre move bul
hol move nth
mid support gas move spa
mos support rum move sev
mun move tyr
nth move edi
nwy move swe
par support bre move gas
ruh move bur
rum move sev
ser support gal move rum
sev support bla move rum
spa/nc move por
swe move nwy
tri move ven
ukr support rum move sev
ven move apu
yor move lon
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
England: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army kie
build Army mar
build Fleet tri
build Army war
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
England: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu move nap
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
bud support rum
bul move rum
bur move par
con support bul
edi move cly
gas support por move spa
gre support ser move bul
kie move mun
lon move yor
mid move iri
mar move gas
mos support sev
mun move bur
nth convoy den move yor
par support gas
pic support bur move par
por move spa/sc
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
spa support mar move gas
tri move adr
ukr support rum
war move lvn
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
England: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
England: army/dislodged par
England: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
par move bre
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
England: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
England: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
arm move sev
bla support con move bul
bre hold
bud hold
bul hold
bur move gas
cly move edi
con move bul
gas support bre
gre support bul
iri move lvp
lvn move stp
mar move gas
mos move war
mun move boh
nap support ven move rom
nth convoy den move lon
par support bur move gas
pic support par
rum support sev
sev move arm
spa support mar move gas
ukr support sev
ven move rom
yor move lon
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
England: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
England: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: army/dislodged rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
England: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army mun
remove por
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
England: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bla support con move bul
boh support mun move tyr
bre support gas move par
bud move tri
bul move con
bur support mar move gas
con move bul
edi move yor
gas move par
gre move ser
ion move aeg
lvp move iri
mar move gas
mun move tyr
nap move ion
nth move eng
nwy move ska
par move bre
pic support par move bre
rom move ven
rum support sev
sev support rum
spa support mar move gas
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri move adr
ukr move gal
vie support tyr
war move sil
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: army/dislodged bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
bul move gre
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg support gre move bul
arm move smy
bla support bul
boh move sil
bul move gre
bur move ruh
eng support yor move lon
gal support rum
gas move par
gre move bul
ion move tun
iri move mid
mun move ber
pic support gas move par
rum support sev
ser support gre move bul
sev support rum
sil move ber
ska support swe move den
spa move por
swe move den
tri move tyr
ven move pie
vie support tri move tyr
yor move lon
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Germany: army/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
England: fleet/dislodged lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
England: army/dislodged par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: army por
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army/dislodged tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bul move con
den move kie
lon move nth
par move bur
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove bur
build Fleet mar
remove nth
build Fleet tri
build Army war
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul move con
bla support con move bul
bre move pic
bud move vie
bul move con
con move bul
den move kie
eng move bre
gal support vie move boh
ion move eas
kie move ber
lon move nth
mid move wes
mar hold
par move bur
pic move bel
pie move mar
por move spa
ruh move kie
rum support sev
ser move bul
sev move bla
sil support tyr move mun
ska move nth
smy support con
tri move adr
tun move wes
tyr move mun
vie move boh
war move pru
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: army/dislodged boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Turkey: army/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
boh move tyr
con move ank
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg support eas move smy
ank move con
bel move hol
bla support ank move con
boh support mun
bre move eng
bul support con
bur support ruh move mun
con support eas move smy
den move kie
eas move smy
lon move nth
mid move wes
mar move pie
mun hold
nwy move swe
pic move bel
pie move ven
pru move ber
ruh move kie
sev move bla
sil support pru move ber
ska move nth
smy support ank move con
spa move gas
tun move wes
tyr move mun
vie move tyr
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army/dislodged smy
Austria: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
smy disband
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bla
build Army bud
build Fleet mar
build Army war
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank move con
bel support ruh
ber move kie
boh support mun
bud move tri
bul move rum
bur support tyr move mun
con move smy
den support ber move kie
eng move nth
gal move war
gas move mar
hol move kie
lon support eng move nth
mid move wes
mar move gol
pie move tus
ruh support hol move kie
rum move sev
sev move arm
sil support mun
ska move nth
smy move aeg
swe move nwy
tri move adr
tun move wes
tyr move mun
ven support vie move tyr
vie move tyr
war move lvn
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Germany: army/dislodged tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
tyr move pie
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move apu
aeg support smy move con
arm move ank
bel move hol
ber move kie
boh support mun
bur support ruh move mun
con move smy
den support ber move kie
hol move kie
ion move tys
lon move nth
lvn move stp
gol support mid move wes
mid move wes
mar move spa
mun support ber move kie
nth move hel
pie move ven
ruh support hol move kie
rum move bul
sev move arm
sil support mun
ska move nth
smy move con
tri move ven
tun support ion move tys
tus move rom
tyr support tri move ven
ven move rom
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army mos
remove pie
build Fleet sev
build Army vie
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank move con
apu move nap
bel move hol
boh support mun
bud move vie
bul move rum
bur move mun
con move bul
den support kie
hel support hol move kie
hol move kie
kie support den
lon move nth
gol move tys
mos move lvn
mun support kie
nwy move swe
ruh support hol move kie
sev move bla
sil move ber
ska move nwy
spa move mar
stp move fin
tri move ven
tun move naf
tus support gol move tys
tyr move pie
tys move tun
ven move rom
vie move tyr
war move sil
wes support gol move tys
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move sev
bla move con
boh support mun
bul move gre
bur support ruh move mun
con move aeg
den move nwy
hel move den
hol move kie
ion move tys
lvn move pru
mar hold
mun support ber move kie
naf move mid
nap support ion move tys
nth support kie move den
nwy move nrg
pie move mar
rom support ven move tus
ruh support kie
rum hold
swe support den move nwy
tun support ion move tys
tus move tys
tyr support mun
tys move wes
ven move tus
wes move mid
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
France: fleet/dislodged tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
France: fleet/dislodged tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
tus move gol
tys disband
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army par
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ber move kie
boh support mun
bur move mar
con move aeg
fin move nwy
hel support kie move den
hol move kie
gol support wes
mar move spa
mun support ber move kie
naf support tys move wes
nap move tys
nth support kie move den
nrg move cly
par move bur
pie move mar
rom move nap
ruh support hol move kie
sil support mun
swe support den
tun support tys move wes
tus move ven
tyr support mun
tys move wes
vie move tri
wes move mid
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move kie
boh support mun
bur move mar
cly move lvp
den support ber move kie
hel support kie move den
hol move kie
ion move tys
kie move den
gol support bur move mar
mid move wes
mun hold
naf move mid
nth support kie move den
par move bur
pie move mar
ruh move mun
sil support mun
spa support bur move mar
swe support den
tun support wes
tyr support mun
tys move gol
ven move pie
wes support tys move gol
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bur
build Army kie
build Fleet stp/sc
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ber support boh move mun
boh move mun
den support kie
hel move nth
hol support kie
ion move tun
kie move ber
lvp move wal
gol move spa/sc
mid hold
mar move bur
mun move bur
naf support tun move wes
nth move ska
nwy support swe
pie move mar
pru support ber
ruh move bur
sil support boh move mun
spa move mar
swe move den
tri move ven
tun move wes
tyr support boh move mun
tys support wes move gol
ven move tus
wes move gol
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
boh move mun
den move swe
hol support kie
gol support pie move mar
mid support spa
mar support spa
mun move ruh
naf support wes move mid
nth move lon
nwy support swe
pie move mar
pru move lvn
ruh move bur
sev move mos
ska support den move swe
spa support mar
stp/sc move bot
swe support nwy
tus move pie
tyr support boh move mun
wal move lon
wes move mid
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
France: fleet/dislodged mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mid move iri
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army par
remove tus
build Army war
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bot convoy lvn move fin
bur move ruh
den move kie
hol support bur move ruh
ion move tun
iri move lvp
kie support bur move ruh
lvn move fin
gol support pie move mar
mid move spa/nc
mar support spa
mos move stp
mun support ruh move bur
naf move mid
nth move lon
nwy support swe
par move bur
pie move mar
ruh move bur
rum move bud
ska move den
spa support mar
swe support nwy
tun move wes
ven move pie
wal move eng
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
France: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army/dislodged ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
mar move gas
ruh move bel
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move pic
ber move kie
bot move bal
bud move vie
bur support gas move mar
den move swe
eng move bre
fin support swe
gas move mar
hol move bel
kie support ruh
lon move eng
gol support mid move spa
mid move spa/sc
mun hold
naf support wes move mid
nwy support swe
pie support mar
ruh support hol move bel
sil support mun
ska support den move swe
spa support gas move mar
stp support nwy
swe support nwy
tyr support mun
tys support tun move wes
war move pru
wes move mid
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Russia: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: army/dislodged spa
France: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
spa move por
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bre
Russia: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Russia: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove por
build Army tri
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bre
Russia: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Russia: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bal support ber move kie
bel move pic
ber move kie
bre move eng
bur support gas move par
den move swe
eng support bel move pic
fin support swe
gas move par
kie move ber
lvp move iri
gol support tys move wes
mid support bre move eng
mar support pic move bur
mun support pic move bur
naf move mid
nwy support swe
pic move bur
pie support mar
ruh move mun
ska support den move swe
spa/sc support naf move mid
stp support nwy
swe move den
tri move vie
tys move wes
vie move boh
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bre
Russia: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Germany: army/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
Russia: fleet/dislodged mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
bur move gas
kie move den
mid move por
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bre
Russia: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Austria: army pie
Russia: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support fin move swe
bud move tri
bur support mar move gas
den support ruh move kie
eng support gas move bre
gas move bre
iri move nat
kie hold
mid move nat
mar move gas
mun support kie
nwy support fin move swe
par support gas move bre
pic support gas move bre
pie move mar
por support wes move mid
pru move ber
ruh move kie
sil support pru move ber
ska support swe
spa/sc support wes move mid
stp support nwy
tun move naf
wes move mid
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Russia: fleet naf
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Russia: fleet por
Russia: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army sev
build Army war
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Russia: fleet naf
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Russia: fleet por
Russia: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support fin move swe
ber support kie
boh support tyr move mun
bre move gas
bur support mun move ruh
den support swe
eng move nth
fin move swe
gas support bur
iri move nat
gol move spa/sc
mid move iri
mar support bur
mun move ruh
naf support spa/sc move mid
nwy support fin move swe
par support bre move gas
pic move bel
por support spa/sc move mid
ruh move hol
ska support swe
spa/sc move mid
stp support nwy
tri move tyr
tyr move mun
war move lvn
wes support spa/sc move mid
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Russia: fleet naf
France: fleet nat
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Russia: fleet por
Russia: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move swe
bel support hol
ber support kie
bur support mar move gas
den move kie
fin support bal move swe
gas move bre
hol support den move kie
iri support mid move eng
kie move den
mid move eng
mar move gas
mun support ruh
nat move iri
nth move hel
nwy support bal move swe
par move bur
ruh hold
ska support den
stp support nwy
swe support den
tyr move pie
vie move tyr
PHASE 1913 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Austria: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Russia: fleet naf
France: fleet nat
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
Russia: fleet por
Russia: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army/dislodged swe
Russia: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
swe move den
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Austria: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Russia: fleet naf
France: fleet nat
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
Russia: fleet por
Russia: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army tri
build Army war
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Austria: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Russia: fleet naf
France: fleet nat
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
Russia: fleet por
Russia: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel support hol
ber move kie
bre support par
bur move par
den support kie
eng move lon
fin support nwy
gas support bur move par
hel support den
hol support bel
iri move eng
kie support den
mun support ber move kie
naf hold
nat move mid
nwy support swe
par support bre
pie move mar
ruh support ber move kie
sil move ber
spa/sc support wes move mid
stp support nwy
swe move den
tyr move pie
wes move mid
PHASE 1914 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Austria: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Austria: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Russia: fleet naf
France: fleet nat
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
Russia: fleet por
Russia: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel support hol
ber support kie
bre support par
bur move par
den move kie
eng move bre
fin move swe
gas support bur move par
hel support den move kie
hol support den move kie
kie support swe move den
mid move iri
mar move bur
mun support kie
nat move iri
nwy support fin move swe
par support bre
pie move mar
ruh support kie
ska move den
stp support nwy
swe move den
war move sil
PHASE 1914 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Austria: fleet eng
Austria: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Austria: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Russia: fleet naf
France: fleet nat
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Austria: army par
France: army/dislodged par
France: supply par
Russia: fleet por
Russia: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1914 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Austria: fleet eng
Austria: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Austria: fleet lon
Austria: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Russia: fleet naf
France: fleet nat
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Russia: fleet por
Russia: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove hel
build Army mos
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1915 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Austria: fleet eng
Austria: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Austria: fleet lon
Austria: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Russia: fleet naf
France: fleet nat
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Russia: fleet por
Russia: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel support hol
bur move pic
den move nth
eng move nth
hol support bel
kie move hol
lon support eng move nth
mid move eng
mar move bur
mun support ruh
naf move mid
nat move iri
nwy move swe
par support bur move pic
por support naf move mid
ruh support kie move hol
ska move nth
stp move nwy
swe move den
PHASE 1915 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Austria: fleet eng
Austria: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Austria: fleet lon
Austria: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Austria: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Austria: army pic
Russia: fleet por
Russia: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel support hol
ber move kie
bre move pic
bud move vie
bur support ruh
den move hel
eng support lon move wal
gas support mid move bre
hol support bel
iri move eng
kie move hol
lon move wal
mid move nat
mos move stp
nth move edi
nwy move swe
par support mid move bre
pic move bel
por move mid
ruh support kie move hol
sil move ber
ska move den
stp move nwy
swe move den
tri move ven
vie move tyr
PHASE 1915 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
Austria: fleet edi
Austria: supply edi
Austria: fleet eng
Austria: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Austria: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Austria: army pic
Russia: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove ska
PHASE 1916 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
Austria: fleet edi
Austria: supply edi
Austria: fleet eng
Austria: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Austria: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Austria: army pic
Russia: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
boh support mun
bur support hol move bel
eng support mid move bre
hol move bel
mid move bre
nat move lvp
par support mid move bre
pic support hol move bel
ruh support hol move bel
tyr support mun
wal support nat move lvp
PHASE 1916 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
Austria: fleet edi
Austria: supply edi
Austria: fleet eng
Austria: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Austria: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Austria: army pic
Russia: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
boh support mun
bre hold
bur support mun
hel move hol
iri move nat
lvp hold
ruh support mun
PHASE 1916 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bre
Russia: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
Austria: fleet edi
Austria: supply edi
Austria: fleet eng
Austria: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Austria: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Austria: army pic
Russia: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove nat
PHASE 1917 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bre
Russia: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
Austria: fleet edi
Austria: supply edi
Austria: fleet eng
Austria: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Austria: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Austria: army pic
Russia: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
boh support mun
tyr support mun
PHASE 1917 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bre
Russia: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
Austria: fleet edi
Austria: supply edi
Austria: fleet eng
Austria: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Austria: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Austria: army pic
Russia: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
