PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move hol
lon move wal
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move apu
sev move bla
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move bla
apu move gre
arm move sev
bot move swe
bul move rum
bur move mun
gal support sev move rum
hol support ruh move bel
ion convoy apu move gre
kie move den
mid move por
nth convoy yor move nwy
ruh move bel
ser hold
sev move rum
spa hold
tri move ven
ukr move sev
ven move tyr
wal move iri
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Fleet con
remove ion
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
build Army mar
build Army par
build Fleet sev
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army tri
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move ion
apu move ven
arm move sev
bel move ruh
ber move bal
bla support bul move rum
bre support par move pic
bud support bul move rum
bul move rum
con support bla
den move kie
gal move vie
hol support kie move hel
iri move nat
kie move hel
lon move nth
mar move bur
mun move ruh
nth move hel
nwy hold
par move pic
por move mid
rum support sev
ser support bul move rum
sev support rum
spa move gas
stp/nc hold
swe move nwy
tri move vie
tyr move vie
ukr support sev
ven move rom
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm support rum move sev
bal move den
bel move ruh
bla support rum move sev
bre move mid
bud support tri
bur support nth move bel
con move aeg
gal support tyr move vie
gas move mar
hel support hol move nth
hol move nth
ion move nap
kie move mun
lon move nth
mid move naf
mun move ber
nat move nrg
nth move bel
nwy hold
pic support nth move bel
rom support tri move ven
rum move sev
ser move gre
sev move rum
stp/nc move nwy
swe support stp/nc move nwy
tri move ven
tyr move vie
ukr support sev move rum
ven move tri
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army/dislodged nwy
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Austria: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nwy disband
ven move tyr
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army con
remove den
build Fleet edi
build Army mos
build Army tri
remove tyr
build Army war
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
arm support sev
bel move eng
ber move kie
bla move rum
bur move ruh
con move bul
edi support nrg move nth
gal support vie move bud
hel move hol
lon support nrg move nth
mid move wes
mar move bur
mos move sev
mun move bur
naf move tun
nth move eng
nrg move nth
nwy hold
pic move bel
ruh support mun move bur
sev support bla move rum
swe support nwy
ukr support mos move sev
vie move bud
war move sil
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bud move ser
bur move par
nth move hel
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm support sev
bel support kie move hol
bud move vie
bul support rum
bur move mun
edi move nrg
gal move rum
hel support hol
hol support ruh move kie
ion support nap move tys
kie move hol
lon support nth
mar move bur
mos move sev
nth support kie move hol
nwy move nth
par support mar move bur
pic support bel
ruh move kie
rum support sev
sev support rum
sil move ber
swe support hel move den
tun support wes move tys
ukr support mos move sev
wes move tys
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
France: army/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
kie move den
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet mar
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm support sev
bel move hol
bud move vie
bul move rum
bur move mar
den move swe
gal move bud
gre move alb
hol move bel
kie move den
lon move nth
mar move gol
mos move sev
nap support ion
nth move nwy
nrg support nth move nwy
nwy move nth
par move bur
pic support par move bur
rum move bla
ser support bul move rum
sev support bul move rum
smy move aeg
swe support nwy
tri support bud move vie
tun support tys
tys hold
ukr support mos move sev
ven move pie
vie hold
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
Russia: fleet/dislodged nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Italy: army/dislodged vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nwy move ska
vie move gal
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support ion
alb hold
arm move sev
bel support nth move hol
ber move mun
bla support arm move sev
bud hold
bur move ruh
den move kie
gal support bud move vie
ion support nap move tys
gol support mar move pie
mar move pie
mos support ukr
nap move tys
nth move hol
nrg move nwy
nwy move swe
pic move bur
pie support rom move tus
rom move tus
rum support sev move ukr
ser support tri move bud
sev move ukr
ska move nwy
swe support ska move nwy
tri move bud
tun support tys
tys hold
ukr move rum
vie support tri move bud
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: fleet/dislodged hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
Austria: army/dislodged pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Russia: army/dislodged ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nwy move stp/nc
pie move tyr
ukr move war
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army edi
remove gal
build Army lon
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support ion
alb move tri
bel move nth
ber support den move kie
bla move con
bud move gal
bur move mun
den move swe
edi move nwy via convoy
hol support ruh move kie
ion support nap move tys
kie support mun
lon hold
gol support pie
mos support nwy move stp
nap move tys
nrg convoy edi move nwy
nwy move stp/nc
pie hold
ruh move kie
rum support bud move gal
ser move bud
sev support ukr
stp/nc support edi move nwy
swe move den
tri move ven
tun support tys
tus move rom
tyr support tri move ven
tys hold
ukr support bud move gal
vie move boh
war support mos
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet/dislodged stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
stp/nc move bar
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support ion
bar move nwy
ber support bur move mun
boh support mun
bud move vie
bur support mun
con move smy
den support nwy move swe
gal move war
hol support kie
ion support nap move tys
kie hold
lon move bel via convoy
gol move tus
mos move sev
nap move tys
nth convoy lon move bel
nrg support bar move nwy
nwy move swe
pie move tyr
rom support tri move ven
rum move ukr
sev support ukr move mos
stp/nc move bar
swe move nwy
tri move ven
tun support tys
tyr support tri move ven
tys support gol move tus
ukr move mos
ven move apu
war move ukr
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mos move stp
swe move ska
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bar
build Army con
build Army edi
build Fleet mar
remove stp
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support ion
apu support tyr move ven
bel move ruh
ber support war move sil
boh support mun
bur support kie move mun
con move bul
den hold
edi move nwy via convoy
gal move war
hol move nth
ion support nap move tys
kie move mun
mar move gol
mos support gal move war
nap move tys
nth move ska
nrg convoy edi move nwy
nwy move stp/nc
pie move ven
rom support ven move tus
rum move ukr
sev support rum move ukr
ska move swe
smy move eas
swe move fin
tun support tus move tys
tus move tys
tyr move ven
tys move rom
ven move tus
vie move tyr
war move sil
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
apu support eas move ion
ber support bur move mun
boh move sil
bul move rum
bur move mun
den support kie
eas move ion
fin move stp
ion move tys
kie support bur move mun
gol move tys
mos move lvn
nap support rom
nth move ska
nrg move nth
nwy support ska move swe
pie move ven
rom hold
ruh support kie move mun
sev move mos
sil move boh
ska move swe
stp/nc move bar
swe move nwy
tun support gol move tys
tus support tys move rom
tyr move pie
tys move rom
ukr move gal
ven support tyr move pie
vie move boh
war support boh move sil
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: army/dislodged pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: army/dislodged sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mun move tyr
pie disband
sil move pru
swe move bot
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
remove bot
build Army edi
build Fleet mar
build Army par
remove pru
build Army tri
remove tyr
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
apu support nap
bar move nrg
ber support mun move sil
boh support sil move mun
den move kie
eas move ion
edi move yor
gal support sil
ion move tys
kie move mun
lvn move pru
gol move wes
mar support tus move pie
mos support rum move ukr
mun move sil
nap support rom
nth move eng
nwy move den via convoy
par move bur
pie move tus
rom support pie move tus
ruh hold
rum move ukr
sil move mun
ska convoy nwy move den
stp move lvn
swe move bal
tri move tyr
tun support tys
tus move pie
tys hold
ven support pie move tus
war support lvn move pru
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
France: fleet/dislodged tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
tus move gol
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
apu move nap
bal move ber
ber move sil
boh move mun
bur support mun
den move swe
eas move ion
eng move bre
gal move ukr
ion move tys
kie support mun
lvn support mos move war
gol move wes
mar move spa/sc
mos move stp
mun hold
nap move rom
nrg move nth
nwy move den via convoy
pru move ber
rom move tus
ruh move kie
sil support pru move ber
ska convoy nwy move den
tun support tys
tus move pie
tyr support tus move pie
tys hold
ukr move mos
ven support tus move pie
war support ukr move mos
wes move mid
yor move lon
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
France: army swe
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army con
remove mid
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
France: army swe
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
ank move arm
bal convoy lvn move swe
ber support boh move mun
boh move mun
bre move mid
bur support mun
con move bul
den move kie
eas support ion
ion support nap move tys
kie support mun
lon move bel via convoy
lvn move swe via convoy
mos move stp
mun hold
nap move tys
nth convoy lon move bel
pie move mar
rom support nap move tys
ruh support den move kie
sil support boh move mun
ska support lvn move swe
spa/sc move mar
stp move fin
swe move fin
tun support tys
tus hold
tyr support boh move mun
tys hold
ukr move mos
ven move pie
war support ukr move mos
wes support tys
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
France: army/dislodged kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: army swe
France: army/dislodged swe
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
kie move hol
swe move nwy
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: army swe
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move sev
bal move den
bel support ruh move hol
ber move kie
bul move rum
bur move ruh
eas support ion
gre move alb
hol move kie
ion support nap move tys
kie support ruh move hol
mid move por
mos move stp
mun support ber move kie
nap move tys
nth move eng
nwy move fin
pie move mar
rom support nap move tys
ruh move hol
sil support mun
ska move nwy
spa/sc move mar
stp move fin
swe support ska move nwy
tun support tys
tus hold
tyr support mun
tys hold
ukr move mos
ven move pie
war move pru
wes support tys
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Turkey: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
build Fleet edi
build Army lon
build Fleet lvp
remove ruh
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Turkey: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb support ion
bel move bur
con move bul
den move bal
eas move aeg
edi move nth
eng convoy lon move bre
hol move ruh
ion support nap move tys
kie move ruh
lon move bre via convoy
lvp move iri
mos move stp
mun move bur
nap move tys
nwy move stp/nc
pie move mar
por move spa/sc
pru move ber
rom support nap move tys
rum move gal
sev move mos
sil hold
spa/sc move mar
stp move fin
swe move fin
tri move adr
tun support tys
tus move pie
tyr move mun
tys hold
ukr move war
ven move tyr
wes support tys
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move apu
aeg move ion
alb support aeg move ion
bal convoy swe move pru
bel move ruh
ber move kie
bre move par
bul move rum
eng hold
gal move war
hol support bel move ruh
ion move tun
iri move mid
kie move ruh
mos move stp
mun support kie move ruh
nap move tys
nth move den
nwy hold
pie move mar
por move spa/sc
rom support nap move tys
sev move mos
sil move ber
spa/sc support wes move mid
stp move fin
swe move pru via convoy
tun move naf
tus move pie
tyr hold
tys move gol
ven hold
war move lvn
wes move mid
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
build Army lon
remove gol
remove naf
build Army vie
remove wes
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
alb move ion
apu move nap
bal convoy pru move swe
bel support par move bur
ber support kie
con move bul
den support hol move kie
eng convoy lon move pic
fin support stp move nwy
hol move kie
ion move tun
iri move mid
kie support mun move ruh
lon move pic via convoy
lvn support war move pru
mar move gas
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nwy support pru move swe
par move bur
pie move mar
por hold
pru move swe via convoy
rom move tys
rum move ukr
sil support war move pru
spa/sc move mid
stp move nwy
tun move wes
tyr move mun
tys move gol
ven move pie
vie move boh
war move pru
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Austria: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Turkey: army nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
nwy move ska
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Austria: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Turkey: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move kie
bel support bur move ruh
ber support kie
boh support mun
bul move rum
bur move ruh
den support bal move kie
eng move bre
fin move swe
gas move par
hol support bur move ruh
ion move tun
iri move mid
kie support ruh
lvn support pru
gol support wes move spa
mar support ruh move bur
mun support ruh move bur
nap move tys
nwy support fin move swe
pic move par
pie support mar
por support iri move mid
pru support ber
ruh move bur
sil support ber
ska support swe
spa/sc move mid
stp support nwy
swe hold
tun move naf
tys move wes
ukr move mos
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
Austria: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bal
build Army con
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
Austria: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move ruh
ber support kie
boh support mun
bre support mid
bur support bel move ruh
con move bul
den move kie
fin move swe
gas move bre
hol support bel move ruh
kie support ruh
lvn support pru
gol support spa/sc
mid hold
mar support ruh move bur
mos move war
mun support ruh move bur
naf support wes move mid
nwy support fin move swe
pic move par
pie hold
por support mid
pru support ber
ruh move bur
rum move gal
sil support ber
ska support swe
smy move aeg
spa/sc support wes move mid
stp support nwy
swe hold
tun support tys move wes
tys move wes
wes move mid
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
England: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Austria: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
England: fleet/dislodged mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
bur move bel
mid move iri
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Austria: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bel move bur
ber support kie
boh move tyr
bre support iri move mid
bul move rum
bur move par
den move kie
fin move swe
gal move boh
gas support bur move par
hol support den move kie
iri move mid
kie support mun
lvn support pru
gol move wes
mid move por
mar move bur
mun support kie
naf support wes move mid
nwy support fin move swe
par support bel move bur
pie move mar
por support iri move mid
pru support war
ruh support bel move bur
sil support mun
ska support swe
spa/sc support mid move por
stp support nwy
swe hold
tun support gol move wes
war support pru
wes move mid
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
Austria: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Austria: army par
England: army/dislodged par
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
Austria: fleet por
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
par move pic
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
Austria: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
England: army pic
Austria: army pie
Austria: fleet por
Austria: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove iri
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
Austria: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
England: army pic
Austria: army pie
Austria: fleet por
Austria: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber support kie
boh support mun
bre hold
bur support ruh
den move kie
fin move swe
gas support par
hol support den move kie
ion move tys
kie support mun
lvn support pru
gol move wes
mar move bur
mun support kie
naf support wes move mid
nwy support fin move swe
par support mar move bur
pic support bre
pie move mar
por support wes move mid
pru support war
ruh support den move kie
rum move gal
sil support mun
ska support swe
spa/sc support wes move mid
stp support nwy
swe hold
tri move adr
tun support gol move wes
tyr move pie
vie hold
war support rum move gal
wes move mid
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
England: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Austria: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
England: army pic
Austria: army pie
Austria: fleet por
Austria: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
bur move bel
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Austria: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
England: army pic
Austria: army pie
Austria: fleet por
Austria: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
bel support ruh
ber support kie
boh support mun
bre support pic
bur move pic
den support hol move kie
fin move swe
gal support boh
gas support par move bre
hol move kie
kie support mun
lvn support pru
mid move eng
mar move bur
mun support kie
naf support wes move mid
nwy support fin move swe
par move bre
pic support bre
pie move mar
por support wes move mid
pru support ber
ruh support hol move kie
sil support ber
ska support swe
spa/sc support wes move mid
stp support nwy
swe hold
tun support tys move wes
tys move wes
vie move tyr
war support gal
wes move mid
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Austria: army bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Austria: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
England: army pic
Austria: army pie
Austria: fleet por
Austria: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army vie
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Austria: army bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Austria: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
England: army pic
Austria: army pie
Austria: fleet por
Austria: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel support ruh
ber support kie
boh support war move gal
bre support gas move par
bur hold
den move kie
eng move lon
fin move swe
gal move rum
gas move par
hol support den move kie
ion move tys
kie support mun
lvn move mos
mid move iri
mar support bur
mun support kie
naf move wes
nwy support fin move swe
pic move bur
por move mid
pru move war
ruh support den move kie
ska support swe
spa/sc move por
stp support nwy
swe hold
tun move ion
tyr support mun
war move gal
wes move gol
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Austria: army bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: fleet iri
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
Austria: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
England: army pic
Austria: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
Austria: supply por
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel support pic
ber support kie
boh support mun
bre move pic
bur move ruh
den move kie
fin move swe
gal support mos move war
hol support den move kie
ion move gre
iri move lvp
kie support mun
lon hold
gol support tys move wes
mid move eng
mar move bur
mos move war
mun support kie
nwy support fin move swe
par support bre move pic
pic hold
pie move mar
por support wes move mid
ruh support den move kie
sil support ber
ska support swe
stp support nwy
swe hold
tyr support vie
tys move wes
vie hold
war move pru
wes move mid
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Austria: army bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
Austria: fleet lon
Austria: supply lon
Austria: fleet lvp
Austria: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
England: army pic
Austria: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bel
build Army con
remove pic
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Austria: army bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
Austria: fleet lon
Austria: supply lon
Austria: fleet lvp
Austria: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Austria: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber support kie
boh support rum move gal
bre support par move pic
bur move bel
con move bul
den move kie
eng support lon move nth
fin move swe
gal move war
gre move ion
hol support den move kie
kie support bur move ruh
lon move nth
lvp move cly
gol move spa/sc
mid move nat
mar move bur
mun support kie
nwy support fin move swe
par move pic
pie move mar
por move mid
pru support gal move war
ruh support den move kie
rum move gal
sil support mun
ska support swe
smy move aeg
stp support nwy
swe hold
tyr support mun
vie hold
war move lvn
wes support por move mid
PHASE 1914 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Austria: army bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Austria: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
Austria: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
Austria: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Austria: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
Austria: army pic
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bel support bur move ruh
ber support kie
boh move mun
bre hold
bul move ser
bur move ruh
cly move edi
den support ska
eng support bel
fin move swe
gal move bud
hol support ruh
ion move nap
kie move ber
lvn move mos
mid move nat
mar hold
mun support bur move ruh
nat move lvp
nth move ska
nwy support fin move swe
pic support bel
pru support kie move ber
ruh support hol
sil support mun
ska support swe
spa/sc move mar
stp support nwy
tyr support mun
vie hold
war move sil
PHASE 1914 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Austria: army bre
Austria: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Austria: fleet edi
Austria: supply edi
Austria: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Turkey: supply kie
Austria: supply lon
Turkey: fleet lvp
Turkey: supply lvp
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Austria: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
Austria: army pic
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
